javascript JavaScript is a high-level, dynamic, multi-paradigm, weakly-typed language used for both client-side and server-side scripting
java Java is a general-purpose object-oriented programming language designed to be used in conjunction with the Java Virtual Machine
c# a high level, object-oriented programming language that is designed for building a variety of applications that run on the .NET Framework
php a widely used, high-level, dynamic, object-oriented and interpreted scripting language primarily designed for server-side web development.
android Google's mobile operating system, used for programming or developing digital devices
python a dynamic and strongly typed programming language designed to emphasize usability
jquery a popular cross-browser JavaScript library that facilitates Document Object Model traversal, event handling, animations, and AJAX interactions by minimizing the discrepancies across br…
html the standard markup language used for structuring web pages and formatting content
c++ a general-purpose programming language
ios the mobile operating system running on the Apple iPhone, iPod touch, and iPad
css a representation style sheet language used for describing the look and formatting of HTML , XML documents and S…
mysql a free, open source Relational Database Management System that uses Structured Query Language
sql a language for querying databases
asp.net a Microsoft web application development framework that allows programmers to build dynamic web sites, web applications and web services
ruby-on-rails an open source full-stack web application framework written in Ruby
objective-c should be used only on questions that are about Objective-C features or depend on code in the language
c a general-purpose computer programming language used for operating systems, libraries, games and other high performance work
.net a software framework designed mainly for the Microsoft Windows operating system
arrays an ordered data structure consisting of a collection of elements , each identified by one or multiple indexes
angularjs Use for questions about AngularJS , the open-source JavaScript framework
json a textual data interchange format and language-independent
r a free, open-source programming language and software environment for statistical computing, bioinformatics, visualization and general computing
sql-server a relational database management system
iphone unless you are addressing Apple's iPhone and/or iPod touch specifically
node.js an event-based, non-blocking, asynchronous I/O framework that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine and libuv library
ruby a multi-platform open-source, dynamic object-oriented interpreted language, created by Yukihiro Matsumoto in 1995
regex Regular expressions provide a declarative language to match patterns within strings
ajax a technique for creating seamless interactive websites via asynchronous data exchange between client and server
swift a general-purpose, open-source programming language developed by Apple Inc
xml a flexible, structured document format that defines human- and machine-readable encoding rules.
asp.net-mvc an open source web application framework and tooling that implements a version of the model-view-controller pattern tailored towards web applications and built upon …
django an open source server-side web application framework, written in Python
linux LINUX QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED
database an organized collection of data
excel Only for questions on programming against Excel objects or files, or complex formula development
wpf a subsystem for rendering user interfaces in Windows-based applications.
wordpress an open source content management system running on PHP and MySQL , and often used as a blog engine
spring an open source framework for application development on the Java platform
string a finite sequence of symbols, commonly used for text, though sometimes for arbitrary data.
xcode Apple's integrated development environment
windows OFF-TOPIC
vb.net a multi-paradigm, managed, type-safe, object-oriented computer programming language
eclipse an open source IDE and platform for building applications
html5 HTML5 is an umbrella term for recent web technologies
multithreading the ability of a computer or a program to perform work concurrently or asynchronously by utilizing multiple concurrent streams of execution .
angular Questions about Angular, the web framework from Google
bash For questions about scripts written for the Bash command shell
git an open-source distributed version control system
mongodb a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented NoSQL database
vba an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications
oracle a Multi-Model Database Management System created by Oracle Corporation
python-3.x the latest version of the Python programming language and was formally released on December 3rd, 2008
twitter-bootstrap a front-end framework designed to kick-start development of Web apps and sites
forms essentially a container that can be used to hold any amount of any subset of several types of data
image is for questions related to the loading, formatting, saving, compression, and display of images in the context of source code
macos macOS is the desktop operating system from Apple, found on Macintosh computers
algorithm a sequence of well-defined steps that defines an abstract solution to a problem
laravel an open-source PHP web framework, following the MVC pattern.
facebook Facebook Platform lets developers integrate their apps directly into the Facebook social networking service
postgresql an open-source, object-relational database management system available for all major platforms including Linux, UNIX, Windows and OS X
python-2.7 scheduled to be the last major version in the 2.x series
winforms the informal name given to Windows Forms, a GUI class library in the Microsoft .NET Framework, which provides a user interface for programs designed to run on Windows machines.
apache for programming questions relating to the Apache HTTP Server
matlab a high-level language and interactive programming environment for numerical computation and visualization developed by MathWorks
visual-studio if you have a specific question about Visual Studio features and functionality
scala a general-purpose programming language principally targeting the Java Virtual Machine
performance For questions pertaining to the measurement or improvement of code and application efficiency.
excel-vba Excel-VBA is the dominant programming language for Microsoft Office Excel
reactjs a JavaScript library for building user interfaces
list list may refer to: a linked list , or a form of dynamic array
entity-framework a set of Object-Relational-Mapping tools for the .NET Framework, and was first made available with .NET 3.5 SP1.
css3 The third edition of the Cascading Style Sheets styling language brings together powerful visual capabilities and versatile design manipulation techniques.
hibernate an object-relational mapping library for the Java language enabling developers to utilize POJO-style domain models in their applications in ways extending well beyond Object/Relatio…
swing the primary user-interface toolkit in Java and is shipped with the standard Java SDK
linq a Microsoft .NET Framework component that adds native data querying capabilities to .NET languages
qt a cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of application software that can be run on various software and hardware platforms with little or no change in …
function A function is a portion of code intended to carry out a single, specific task
pandas a Python library for Panel Data manipulation and analysis, e.g
shell The term 'shell' refers to a general class of text-based interactive command interpreters most often associated with the Unix & Linux operating systems
rest a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web
.htaccess Directory-level configuration file used by Apache web servers
sqlite a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine.
api DO NOT USE: Tag with the library you mean, , or something else appropriate instead
maven a build automation and project management tool used primarily for Java projects
perl a procedural, high-level, general-purpose, dynamic programming language, known for its native support of regular expressions and string parsing capabilities
codeigniter an open-source PHP web development framework created by EllisLab Inc and it has been adopted by British Columbia Institute of Technology
web-services a software system designed to support interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over the World Wide Web.
file A block of arbitrary information, or resource for storing information, accessible by the string-based name or path
google-maps a desktop and mobile web mapping service application and technology provided by Google, offering satellite imagery, street maps, and Street View perspectives
uitableview a class used for displaying and editing lists of information on iOS
cordova a framework that allows developers to create cross-platform mobile applications using web technologies like HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
unit-testing a method by which individual units of source code are tested to determine if they are fit for use.
ruby-on-rails-3 an open-source web development framework written in Ruby
symfony an open source PHP web development framework for PHP 5.5.9+, focusing on easy and fast development cycles and including state-of-the-art design patterns and programming philosophies
powershell a command line and scripting utility for use with Windows
amazon-web-services a collection of commercial services centered around virtualized, commodity and clustered computing, networking, database and storage, as well as supporting tools that are …
loops a type of control flow structure in programming in which a series of statements may be executed repeatedly until some condition is met.
azure a Platform as a Service and Infrastructure as a Service cloud computing platform by Microsoft
class A template for creating new objects that describes the common state and behavior
csv Comma-Separated Values or Character-Separated Values is a standard format for storing tabular data in plain text, consisting of an optional header row that lists the table f…
validation the process of ensuring that a program operates on clean, correct and useful data.
google-chrome a web browser that uses the Blink rendering engine Questions should relate to development using Chrome or for Chrome
sockets An endpoint of a bidirectional inter-process communication flow
sql-server-2008 for questions specific to the 2008 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.
sorting the process of applying some order to a collection of items.
date an ambiguous interval in time, which usually refers to a day, month and year.
tsql T-SQL is the extension of SQL functionality supported by Sybase ASE and Microsoft SQL Server
selenium a popular open-source tool for automating web browsers
xaml Extensible Application Markup Language is a declarative XML-based language used for initializing structured values and objects in frameworks such as WPF, WWF, UWP, Xamarin Forms
wcf a part of the .NET Framework that provides a unified programming model for rapidly building service-oriented applications.
typescript a typed superset of JavaScript created by Microsoft that adds optional types, classes, async/await, and many other features, and compiles to plain JavaScript
android-layout A layout defines the visual structure for a user interface, such as the UI for an activity, fragment or app widget.
email a method of exchanging digital messages from a sender to one or more recipients
jsp a Java based view technology running on the server machine which allows you to write template text in and int…
http an application level network protocol that is used for the transfer of content on the World Wide Web.
spring-mvc A framework for building Java web applications based on the Model-View-Controller pattern
visual-studio-2010 an integrated development environment from Microsoft
listview a graphical screen control or widget provided by UI libraries in a majority of modern operating systems to show items in a list form.
numpy a scientific and numerical computing extension to the Python programming language.
security Topics relating to application security and attacks against software
android-studio Use for questions about using Android Studio, an official IDE targeted at Android development
oop a programming paradigm using : data structures consisting of data fields and methods together with their interactions.
firebase a serverless platform for unified development of applications for mobile devices and for the Web.
opencv a cross-platform library of programming functions for real time computer vision
parsing Parsing refers to breaking an artifact into its constituent elements and capturing the relationship between those elements
c++11 the name of the C++ standard, approved in 2011
user-interface The system through which people interact with a computer is called the
datetime A DateTime object in many programming languages describes a date and a time of day
asp.net-mvc-4 the fourth major version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
delphi a language for rapid development of native Windows, macOS, Linux, iOS, and Android applications through use of Object Pascal
actionscript-3 the open source object oriented programming language of the Adobe Flash and AIR Platforms
google-app-engine a cloud computing technology for hosting web applications in Google-managed data centers
batch-file a text file containing a series of commands that are executed by the command interpreter on MS-DOS, IBM OS/2, or Microsoft Windows systems.
express a minimal and flexible Node.js web application framework, providing a robust set of features for building web applications.
ubuntu OFF-TOPIC
templates is used in multiple contexts: generic programming , and data/document generation using template engines.
pointers Data type that another value stored in memory
asp.net-mvc-3 the third major version of Model-View-Controller extension for developing web applications in a .NET framework.
object any entity that can be manipulated by commands in a programming language
debugging a methodical process of finding and fixing bugs in a computer program
dictionary A dictionary in computer science is a data structure that maps keys to values such that given a key its corresponding value can be efficiently retrieved
variables AMBIGUOUS; USE SPECIFIC-LANGUAGE TAGS WHENEVER APPLICABLE
session A session refers to all the requests that a single client makes to a server
jquery-ui a curated set of user interface interactions, effects, widgets, and themes built on top of the jQuery JavaScript Library.
unix a general purpose OS that was developed by Bell Labs in the late 1960s and today exists in various versions
ms-access Microsoft Access, also known as Microsoft Office Access, is a database management system from Microsoft that commonly combines the relational Microsoft Jet/ACE Database Engine with a graphical user in…
cocoa Apple's application-development framework for macOS, consisting of Foundation, Application Kit, and Core Data
hadoop an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing
magento an e-commerce platform written in PHP atop the Zend framework
apache-spark an open source distributed data processing library for large-scale in-memory data analytics computing.
for-loop a control structure used by many programming languages to iterate over a range
internet-explorer Internet Explorer is a web browser developed by Microsoft and is included as part of Microsoft Windows.
haskell a functional programming language featuring strong static typing, lazy evaluation, extensive parallelism and concurrency support, and unique abstraction capabilities.
android-fragments Fragments represent reusable behaviors or portions of user interface in an Android app.
authentication the process of determining whether someone or something is, in fact, who or what it is declared to be.
pdf an open standard for electronic document exchange maintained by the International Organization for Standardization
tomcat for questions about Apache Tomcat which is an open source Servlet Container developed by the Apache Software Foundation
if-statement a control structure in many programming languages that changes the execution flow depending on a condition.
ruby-on-rails-4 For issues specific to version 4 of Rails
flash For questions on Adobe's cross-platform multimedia runtime used to embed animations, video, and interactive applications into web pages
docker Docker provides a high-level API to containerize processes and applications with some degree of isolation and repeatability across servers
ssl a cryptographic protocol that provides secure communications over the Internet
ipad a tablet computer designed by Apple running the iOS operating system
cocoa-touch The Cocoa Touch Frameworks that drive iOS apps share many proven patterns found on the Mac, but were built with a special focus on touch-based interfaces and optimization.
jpa a Java specification for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects/classes and a relational database
generics a form of parametric polymorphism found in a range of languages, including .NET languages, Java and in Swift.
jsf a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create HTML form based web applications
url a universal identifier on the web
animation the rapid display of a sequence of visuals in order to create an illusion of movement or change.
firefox a free, open-source and cross-platform web browser developed by Mozilla Foundation and its subsidiary, Mozilla Corporation.
facebook-graph-api a structured API for fetching objects and the connections between them from Facebook's social graph
spring-boot Spring Boot makes it easy to create Spring-powered, production-grade applications and services with absolute minimum fuss
redirect A response by a webserver, that asks the user agent to not show the response body, but instead request a different resource.
curl a library and command-line tool for transferring data using various protocols such as HTTP, FTP and SFTP
winapi The Windows API is the core set of application programming interfaces available for the Microsoft Windows operating systems
unity3d a cross-platform game engine with a built-in IDE developed by Unity Technologies
asynchronous a strategy for deferring operations with high latency or low priority, usually in an attempt to improve performance, responsiveness, and / or composability of software
elasticsearch an Open Source , Distributed, RESTful, Search Engine built on top of Lucene.
inheritance the system in object oriented programming that allows objects to support operations defined by anterior types without having to provide their own definition
exception an unusual condition that requires deviation from the program's normal flow
dataframe a tabular data structure
testing any activity aimed at evaluating an attribute or capability of a program or system and determining that it meets its required results.
opengl a graphics standard and API which is platform independent and available for desktop, workstation and mobile devices
events a way for a class to provide notifications to listeners when a particular thing happens.
xslt a transformation language for XML designed to transform structured documents into other formats
caching a mechanism for temporarily storing data locally in order to reduce access time to data stored far away
nginx a web server, reverse proxy, TCP stream proxy and mail proxy, released under a BSD-like license.
mod-rewrite URL rewriting module for the Apache web server
servlets a Java application programming interface running on the server machine which can intercept on the requests made by the client and can generate/send a response accordingly.
post one of the HTTP protocol methods
math the study of quantity, structure, space, and change
cakephp an open-source web, rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
dom on questions regarding the interaction of other languages with XML/HTML via the document object model
iis a web server created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
xamarin a platform consisting of Xamarin.iOS, Xamarin.Android, Xamarin.Mac, Xamarin Test Cloud and HockeyApp
select a common keyword used to query data
d3.js Use for questions about D3.js itself or one of the many plugins/modules that exist
join a general operation in relational algebra for a combining operation on two or more relations in a relational database system
button simple elements in graphical user interfaces that take mouse clicks or finger taps as input.
matplotlib a plotting library for Python which may be used interactively or embedded in stand-alone GUIs
recursion a kind of function call in which a function calls itself
search Questions about search algorithm mechanics and implementation
gcc the GNU Compiler Collection
stored-procedures A subroutine available to applications accessing a relational database system.
asp.net-web-api a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices
go an open source programming language initially developed at Google
grails an Open Source, full stack, web application framework that uses the Groovy programming language
jenkins an open source continuous integration tool written in Java, that has packages for Linux, Mac OS X, Windows, FreeBSD and OpenBSD
image-processing Anything related to digital image processing, i.e
audio Sound and programming audio hardware, and the various audio formats or containers
github a web-based hosting service for software development projects that use Git for version control
silverlight Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications.
canvas a generic element for free-form graphics output.
java-ee a specification defining a collection of Java-based server and client technologies and how they interoperate
logging the process of recording events in a computer program, usually with a certain scope, in order to provide an audit trail that can be used to understand the activity of the syst…
video an electronic medium for the recording, copying, and broadcasting of moving visual images
svg an XML-based two-dimensional vector graphics format that can also be used in HTML.
meteor a modular platform for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript based on the NodeJS platform.
react-native React Native lets you build mobile apps using only JavaScript
assembly Assembly language programming questions
matrix In mathematics, a matrix is a rectangular array of numbers, symbols, or expressions, arranged in rows and columns
heroku a cloud platform for Ruby, Node.js, Python, Go, PHP, and JVM-based applications
networking For most programming questions use tag
ionic-framework a front-end framework for developing native-feeling hybrid mobile apps with HTML using Sass and Angular
android-intent Questions regarding practical and advanced use of Intents, Intent Extras and Pending Intents to start an Activity, Service or to respond to a system or application event/notification via a BroadcastRe…
encryption the process of transforming information into an unreadable form using an encryption algorithm combined with a parameter .…
memory for memory management or issues in programming
iframe an HTML element that creates an within a document, which allows displaying a separate document in the same page.
xpath to address parts of an XML document
razor a template language used by ASP.NET Web Pages and ASP.NET MVC
gradle a project build automation tool that uses a Groovy DSL
cookies a piece of data stored by the user's web browser
selenium-webdriver Selenium-WebDriver provides the WebDriver API for controlling browsers in different programming languages
web for general questions related to all aspects of the world wide web
intellij-idea an IDE by JetBrains
optimization the act of improving a method or design
laravel-5 the current major version of the open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
svn for questions about SVN , a centralized open-source revision control system distributed under the Apache License.
visual-c++ a C, C++ and C++/CLI compiler for Windows
design-patterns a general reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software design
android-activity Questions about creating or managing Activities in Android
c#-4.0 C# 4.0 introduced features like dynamic objects, COM interoperability improvements, generic co- and contra-variance, optional and named parameters
core-data Apple's object modeling and persistence framework for macOS and iOS
activerecord a pattern that combines domain logic with storage abstraction in single object
serialization the process by which data-structures are converted into a format that can be easily stored or transmitted and subsequently reconstructed.
model-view-controller an architectural pattern used in software engineering
gridview a control for displaying and manipulating data from a variety of data sources.
arraylist A simple collection data type found in some languages / platforms .
jdbc the base API which enables interacting with SQL database servers by executing SQL statements using the Java programming language.
flex a framework for developing Rich Internet Applications that run in Flash Player or Adobe Air
javafx The JavaFX platform enables developers to create and deploy Rich Internet Applications that behave consistently across multiple platforms and browsers
multidimensional-array Multidimensional-arrays can be described as multi-dimensional tables
vector a single-dimensional array: it contains components that can be accessed using an integral index
checkbox a graphical user interface element that permits the user to make a binary selection.
tensorflow an open source library for machine learning and machine intelligence
mysqli The mysqli PHP extension is a PHP database driver, included since PHP 5
mobile should be used to mark questions regarding mobile computing issues
random for questions pertaining to random numbers and their generators, whether pseudo-random or truly random.
soap a protocol specification for exchanging structured information in the implementation of Web Services.
sharepoint For SharePoint-specific questions, please see the SharePoint Stack Exchange site
visual-studio-2012 a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio
google-maps-api-3 Google Maps JavaScript API Version 3 lets you embed the functionality of Google Maps into your own website
jquery-mobile a touch-optimized web framework for smartphones and tablets
extjs a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications .
vim a free and open-source modal text editor available for most major platforms
amazon-s3 an online object storage service from Amazon Web Services.
text a sequence of characters that is most often used to represent a cohesive piece of information.
ember.js an MVC application framework written in JavaScript
plot The graphical representation of a mathematical function or a set of data
input usually related to user input, i.e., to the data that user supplies to a running application
memory-management Process of dynamically allocating and freeing portions of physical memory in order to respond to program requests with, if possible, fairness and no starvation among the requesters.
layout is for questions about the placement, alignment and justification of objects with respect to a containing element
boost a large collection of high-quality libraries intended for use in C++
machine-learning Implementation questions about machine learning algorithms
file-upload a method or action of transferring a file from a client to a server.
mvvm an architectural design pattern for implementing user interfaces that separates the UI from its data via its presentation logic .
twitter a microblogging service that lets users post short of up to 280 characters
methods A method is code that performs a task and is associated with a class or an object.
indexing a general technique to improve the speed of data lookups.
netbeans NetBeans refers to both a platform framework for Java desktop applications, and an integrated development environment for developing with Java and other languages.
ggplot2 an actively maintained open-source chart-drawing package for R, written by Hadley Wickham, based upon the principles of
awk an interpreted programming language designed for text processing and typically used as a data extraction and reporting tool
dynamic a widely used term that, in general, describes a decision made by the program at run-time rather than at compile time.
dll a module that contains functions and data that can be used by another module
data-structures a way of organizing data in a fashion that allows particular properties of that data to be queried and/or updated efficiently.
browser a software application for retrieving, presenting, and traversing information resources on the World Wide Web.
backbone.js a JavaScript framework with a RESTful JSON interface and is based on the model–view–presenter application design paradigm
amazon-ec2 Amazon EC2 stands for
flask a web application framework for Python.
gwt a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
design the act of making particular choices about how best to structure a program, to achieve goals of reliability, maintainability, correctness or ease of use.
zend-framework an open source, object-oriented web application framework implemented in PHP 5 and licensed under the New BSD License
pdo a database abstraction layer for PHP
groovy an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform
plugins a set of software components that adds specific abilities to a larger software application
windows-phone-7 Microsoft's mobile operating system and software development platform
reporting-services server-based report generator from Microsoft
database-design the process of specifying the logical and/or physical parts of a database
time Measuring the time it takes to perform an operation
struct A keyword in various programming languages whose syntax is similar to or derived from C
unicode a standard for the encoding, representation and handling of text with the intention of supporting all the characters required for written text incorporating all writing systems, technical s…
ssh OFF-TOPIC
reflection the ability of a program to observe and/or modify its structure and/or behavior at runtime.
mongoose a MongoDB object modeling tool, or ODM , written in JavaScript and designed to work in an asynchronous environment.
twitter-bootstrap-3 the third generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development with an attractive look and feel
sed a command line editor for POSIX environment
tkinter the standard Python interface to the graphical user interface toolkit
django-models The centerpiece of the Django object-relational mapping scheme is the Model.
parse.com Parse provides an open source backend and SDKs for mobile and desktop applications
knockout.js an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model pattern.
visual-studio-2015 the version of Microsoft's Visual Studio product suite which follows 2013 version
lambda Anonymous functions or closures in programming languages such as Lisp, C#, C++, Lua, Python, Ruby, Javascript or Java.
npm the official package manager for Node.js, the non-blocking, asynchronous I/O framework that uses Google's V8 JavaScript engine
graph A graph can refer to a graphic showing or displaying the relationship between two or more variables used, for instance, in visualising scientific data
visual-studio-2013 a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio
swift3 only for questions directly related to changes in version 3 of Apple's Swift programming language
hash any well-defined procedure or mathematical function that converts a large amount of data into a small datum, usually a single integer
data-binding A general technique that binds two data/information sources together and maintains them in sync.
file-io input/output that involves the file system
windows-phone-8 a version of Windows Phone that succeeds Windows Phone 7.5 and includes many new features.
drupal an open source CMS framework written in PHP
nhibernate a mature, open source object-relational mapper for the .NET framework.
service a long-running executable that performs specific functions and which is designed not to require user intervention.
replace the action of searching a string for a sub-string and replacing it with a different string.
encoding a set of predefined rules to reversibly transform a piece of information in a certain representation into a completely different representation
charts a graphical representation of data, most often in the format of a graph or diagram
sql-server-2005 for questions specific to the 2005 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.
web-applications applications that are accessed over the , which can be over Internet, or Intranet i.e
google-apps-script Use for questions about Google Apps Script, Google's JavaScript-based cloud scripting language for automating tasks across Google products and third party services.
google-chrome-extension Extension development for the Google Chrome web browser
firebase-database a cloud hosted, NoSQL, JSON database that provides offline caching and synchronization
junit Popular unit testing framework for Java and Scala
highcharts a Javascript charting library that uses HTML, SVG, and VML
drop-down-menu A user interface control GUI element, similar to a list box, which allows the user to choose one value from a list
webpack a bundler
paypal For questions about the PayPal API used by software developers to process payments, manage invoices, monitor accounts, etc.
plsql PL/SQL is Oracle Corporation's procedural language extension for SQL
login A login or logon is the process by which individual access to a computer system is controlled by identification of the user using credentials provid…
collections Collections APIs provide developers with a set of classes and interfaces that make it easier to handle collections of objects.
utf-8 a character encoding that describes each Unicode code point using a byte sequence of one to four bytes
command-line a string given to a command interpreter that tells it actions to take, such as running programs or copying files
printing a process for reproducing text and images, typically with ink or toner, on paper using a printer.
tfs the on-premises version of Visual Studio Team Services , providing Git and version control hosting, continuous integration, agile planning
spring-security the Spring Framework's application security solution
foreach a looping construct that executes a given piece of code for each element in a list/collection/array
deployment A series of activities that makes a program available for use
primefaces a JSF component library that ships with a large set of rich components which utilizes jQuery and jQuery UI under the covers
asp.net-core a lean, composable and cross-platform framework for building web and cloud applications
https Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure is a combination of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol with the SSL/TLS protocol to provide encrypted communication and secure identification of a network web s…
makefile usually an input file for the build control language/tool make.
cmd the Microsoft supplied command line interpreter on OS/2, Windows CE, and all Windows operating systems
datagridview a Windows Forms control found in the .NET Framework starting at version 2.0
uiview a class in the UIKit framework of iOS defines a rectangular area on the screen and the interfaces for managing the content in that area
webview Elements in graphical user interfaces that host HTML content
filter A program or routine that blocks access to data that meet a particular criterion
tcp a transport layer protocol that provides a connection-oriented data stream service with guaranteed, in-order delivery.
types used to enforce levels of abstraction in programs.
solr an open source search server based on the Lucene Java search library.
angularjs-directive a way to teach HTML new tricks by extending the HTML vocabulary
view for questions about database view or UI / architectural view
dependency-injection A design pattern to reduce coupling between components, by dynamically injecting into a software component dependencies that it needs to function.
scroll Scrolling refers to the continuous sliding of content across a display screen.
yii Use for questions about any version of Yii, an open-source MVC framework for writing web 2.0 applications in PHP5+
import Refers generally to the process of moving data from an external source into one's platform, program, or data set.
vbscript VBScript is an interpreted scripting language developed by Microsoft that is modeled on Visual Basic
graphics visual presentations
jsf-2 a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create web applications
error-handling Programming language constructs designed to handle errors signaled by error codes, exceptions or other language specific means.
oauth a specification for client applications to access protected resources on behalf of a user
memory-leaks A memory leak occurs when a program fails to release memory that it has allocated but is no longer using and is not recoverable.
visual-studio-2008 refers to the Visual Studio line of software development products from Microsoft, the 2008 version
fonts an electronic data file containing a set of glyphs, characters, or symbols such as dingbats
emacs an extensible, customizable, self-documenting text editor, which can be extended with Lisp code
while-loop a control structure used in many programming languages to loop over a set of instructions as long as a particular condition is met.
rspec a behavior-driven development framework for the Ruby programming language, inspired by JBehave
syntax Syntax refers to the actual language elements and symbols themselves
web-scraping The process of extracting specific information from websites
oracle11g an Object-relational Database Management System created by Oracle Corporation
playframework a modern open-source web framework for Java and Scala.
concurrency a property of systems in which multiple computations can be performed in overlapping time periods
google-analytics a free web analytics solution provided by Google, featuring several client-side APIs, as well as REST APIs for data export and for management.
timer a control that has the functionality to trigger a user defined action at regular intervals as configured by the user.
jar JAR file aggregates many files into one
neo4j an open-source, transactional graph database well suited to connected data
datatable ambiguous
websocket an API built on top of TCP sockets and a protocol for bi-directional, full-duplex communication between client and server without the overhead of HTTP.
enums A data type consisting of a set of named values called elements, members or enumerators of the type.
parameters a type of variable used in a subroutine to refer to the data provided as input to the subroutine.
colors for questions about representing or manipulating colors in a programming language.
android-listview A subclass of AdapterView which shows items in a vertically scrolling list.
doctrine2 a PHP ORM
build The process of converting source code files into standalone software artifact that can be run on a computer
merge a generic term for combining two or more related sets of data
ios7 the seventh version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system and is the successor to iOS 6
constructor A special type of subroutine called at the creation of an object.
combobox Combobox allows to select one option out of several , or to type a custom option.
hyperlink a reference to a document that can be followed for retrieval using a navigation system that allows selecting emphasized content within an originating document.
joomla a free and open source Content Management System for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets and a model–view–controller Web application framework that can also b…
orm a technique for mapping object-oriented systems to relational databases.
uiviewcontroller The UIViewController class manages the views in iOS apps and mediates the interaction between an app's views, its underlying model objects, and the overall workflow.
woocommerce an open source eCommerce plugin available for WordPress
ssis SSIS is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
clojure a modern Lisp dialect for the Java Virtual Machine
version-control the management of changes to documents, programs, and other information stored as computer files
ant a declarative, XML-based build tool created originally for Java projects
ffmpeg Only questions about programmatic use of the FFmpeg libraries, API, or tools are on topic
vue.js an open-source, progressive Javascript framework for building user interfaces that aims to be incrementally adoptable
module A logical subdivision of a larger, more complex system.
interface An interface refers to the point of interaction between components
split for questions about separating an item into parts, often by a delimiter or regular expression.
laravel-4 the previous version of the open-source PHP web development MVC framework created by Taylor Otwell
javascript-events DO NOT USE THIS TAG! JavaScript has no event constructs
casting a process where an object type is explicitly converted into another type if the conversion is allowed.
properties A property, in some object-oriented programming languages, is a special sort of class member, intermediate between a field and a method
ecmascript-6 The 2015 version of the ECMAScript specification, now a standard
proxy a device or program that stands between two or more interconnected programs or devices
terminal a text-only interface for interacting with an operating system or a piece of software
process about operating system processes
html-table used to display data in a tabular fashion
linq-to-sql a component of .NET Framework version 3.5 that provides a run-time infrastructure for managing relational data as objects stored in Microsoft SQL Server.
kendo-ui a framework to build HTML UI
sqlite3 a software library that implements a self-contained, serverless, zero-configuration, transactional SQL database engine.
sql-server-2012 for questions specific to the 2012 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.
binding means different things in different contexts; consider using less ambiguous tags instead or in addition
cassandra a highly scalable, eventually consistent, distributed, structured row/column store.
bitmap The more general term pixmap refers to a map of pixels, where each one may store more than two colors, thus using more than one bit per pixel
lua a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language
configuration the process of specifying the settings used for a system or application
android-recyclerview a more advanced and flexible version of ListView.
exception-handling a programming language construct or computer hardware mechanism designed to handle the occurrence of exceptions, special conditions that change the normal flow of program executi…
asp.net-mvc-5 the fifth major version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
group-by a command in the SQL relational database standard for collapsing a group of rows that share common field value into a single row
excel-formula for Microsoft Excel questions where the question or answers are specifically about the structure, syntax, or output of an Excel formula.
triggers rules, that when they evaluate to true perform one or more actions.
server a running instance of a software application capable of accepting requests from a client and giving responses accordingly.
url-rewriting software that modifies a web URL's appearance
io In computing, input/output, or I/O, refers to the communication between an information processing system , and the outside world, possibly a human, or another information processin…
android-asynctask AsyncTask enables proper and easy use of the UI thread
autocomplete a UI feature provided by applications, where the program predicts a word or phrase that the user wants to type without the user actually typing it completely.
sass Sass is an extension of CSS adding features like nested rules, variables, mixins and class extensions
parallel-processing Parallel processing is, in sharp contrast to just a Concurrent processing, guaranteed to start / perform / finish all thread-level and/or instruction-level tasks executed in a parallel fashion and pro…
devise an authentication gem for Ruby-on-Rails
google-spreadsheet Questions related to Google Sheets and interacting with Google Sheets programmatically.
datagrid A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data.
bluetooth a global open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances from fixed and mobile devices, creating personal area netw…
responsive-design an approach to Web design and development that aims at crafting sites to provide optimal experiences across a wide range of devices based on screen size, platform, and o…
push-notification alerts, badges, or sounds which are pushed to a mobile device from a remote server
menu a user interface mechanism that provides the user a means to view and execute application operations.
count Count refers to the number of objects in a collection
jboss a free software/open-source Java EE-based, Cross-platform Application Server.
download Receiving data to a local system from a remote system, or to initiate such a data transfer.
scope an enclosing context where values and expressions are associated
hive a data warehouse system for Hadoop that facilitates easy data summarization, ad-hoc queries, and the analysis of large datasets stored in Hadoop compatible file systems
safari Apple's web browser, the default browser on Mac OS X and iOS.
youtube a video-sharing website on which users can upload, share, and view videos
nullpointerexception The Java exception thrown when an application attempts to use null in a case where an object is required.
model Part of the MVC pattern, the Model manages the behaviour and data of the application.
compiler-errors generated during the compilation phase, often due to problems with invalid syntax and/or types
redis an open source in memory key-value database
opengl-es Subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones.
phpmyadmin an open-source, web-based MySQL administration tool written in PHP
jquery-plugins Custom add-ons and plugins for the jQuery library
datepicker a user interface element in many frameworks that allows a user to choose a date and also, in some cases, time, often through a visual calendar.
callback a piece of code that is passed as an argument to other code, which is expected to call back the a…
xamarin.forms a Microsoft product allowing the building of native cross-platform apps for iOS, Android, UWP and macOS from a single sharing C# strategy as Shared Project, PCL
architecture Architecture encompasses the process, artifacts and high-level structure of a solution.
path A path, the general form of a file name or of a directory name, specifies a unique location in a file system
pagination the process of dividing information into discrete pages.
scripting a form of programming generally characterized by low formality, loose typing, and no requirement for explicit compilation
webforms a part of the ASP.NET web framework
reference a value that enables a program to indirectly access a particular datum, such as a variable or a record, in the computer's memory or in some other storage device.
3d graphics that use a three-dimensional representation of geometric data stored in the computer for the purposes of performing calculations and rendering 2D images.
socket.io Socket.IO aims to make realtime apps possible in every browser and mobile device, blurring the differences between the different transport mechanisms
linked-list a data structure in which the elements contain references to the next element
static a term used in some programming languages to define a function or data storage area that is not bound to any specific object instance.
compilation the transformation of source text into some other form or representation
controller responsible for executing a sequence of instructions in response to some stimulus
outlook a personal information manager from Microsoft , available both as a separate application as well as a part of the Microsoft Office suite.
permissions Permissions define the operations that authenticated users are allowed to perform on file systems, databases and other computer systems.
oauth-2.0 an open protocol framework to allow secure API authorization in a simple and standardized way for desktop, mobile and web applications
java-8 for questions specific to Java 8 which is version 8 of the Java platform, released on 18 March 2014
f# a succinct, expressive and efficient functional and object-oriented language for .NET which helps you write simple code to solve complex problems.
three.js a lightweight cross-browser JavaScript library/API used to create and display animated 3D computer graphics on a Web browser
cmake a cross-platform, open-source build system generator
stl a C++ library of generic containers, iterators, algorithms, and function objects
coldfusion a server-side rapid application development platform, implementing the dynamic general purpose CFML programming language
ms-word For programming questions related to Microsoft's editor
dns for programming questions related to writing code that interacts with the Domain Name System ; for example, writing code that uses gethostbyname
transactions A set of interrelated operations that must all succeed in order for any of them to succeed
linux-kernel for questions about the internals of the Linux kernel itself - particularly about writing code that runs within the context of the kernel
ionic2 the next generation of Ionic, the open source SDK that enables developers to build performant, high-quality mobile apps using familiar web technologies
datatables a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
get one of many request methods supported by the HTTP protocol
notifications a user interface element displayed to indicate an event has occurred.
tree a widely-used data structure that emulates a hierarchical tree-like structure with a set of linked nodes.
ios5 Apple's fifth mobile operating system, released on Oct 13, 2011
arduino an open-source electronics prototyping platform based on easy-to-use hardware and software
google-api Google offers a variety of APIs, mostly web APIs for web developers
background Background typically refers to the rendering behind a container element's contents - usually on a web page, Windows form or other UI presentation medium.
xsd XSD generally refers to a document written in the W3C XML Schema format, containing a description of a particular type of XML document.
character-encoding Character encoding refers to the way characters are represented as a series of bytes
redux a predictable state container for JavaScript applications based on the Flux design pattern.
ftp a well-established protocol for conducting file operations over a TCP-based network such as the Internet.
functional-programming a programming paradigm based upon building abstractions using functions, avoiding side effects and change of state
automation the process of having a computer do a repetitive task or a task that requires great precision or multiple steps, without requiring human intervention.
xamarin.ios Xamarin.iOS is a commercial software development kit for Mac OS X and Windows that lets you use C# to create native applications for Apple…
uwp a common software platform for all devices running Windows 10
grep a command-line text-search utility originally written for Unix
tabs A user interface pattern that allows for the display of multiple pages or elements with a navigation reference above, below, or to the side of the content
routing the process of selecting paths in a network along which to send network traffic
camera a device that takes physical or digital photos
sdk a set of development tools that allows for the creation of software for a certain hardware platform, development environment, or software package
null Null means *nothing* or *unknown*, depending on context.
cron a time-based job scheduler running as a daemon process in Unix-like computer operating systems.
upload Upload refers to the sending of data from a local system to a remote system such as a server or another client with the intent that the remote system should store a copy of the data being transferred,…
sprite-kit Apple's framework for creating 2D games for iOS 7+ and macOS 10.9+
insert an action to add information to a larger container that the information should reside within
yii2 the latest version of the Yii PHP framework , version 2.0.14 was released on February 19, 2018.
routes Questions about mapping URLs to Controllers and Actions.
android-ndk a companion tool to the Android SDK that lets you build performance-critical portions of your apps in native code or port existing libraries in C/C++ to And…
uiscrollview for all questions about scroll views on iOS
msbuild Microsoft Build Engine, also known as MSBuild, is a build platform for managed code and was part of .NET Framework.
promise a tactic for deferred computing, suitable for several styles of concurrency: thread and event loop concurrency for local computation, and both synchronous and asynchronous remote messagin…
xamarin.android Xamarin.Android is an implementation of Mono that runs on the Android platform, allowing you to write Android applications in C# using native Android libraries a…
scipy an open source library of algorithms and mathematical tools for the Python programming language.
sqlalchemy a Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper that gives application developers the full power and flexibility of SQL.
eloquent Laravel's own object-relational mapper
cuda a parallel computing platform and programming model for Nvidia GPUs
xml-parsing An XML parser goes through text documents containing XML trees and allows the information in the hierarchy to be used
libgdx an open-source cross-platform Java game development framework based on OpenGL that works on Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, Android, iOS and WebGL enabled browsers.
beautifulsoup a Python package for parsing HTML/XML
struts2 an extensible framework based on servlets and implements model–view–controller pattern in its architecture for creating enterprise-ready Java web applications.
active-directory a distributed directory service created by Microsoft
mapreduce an algorithm for processing huge datasets on certain kinds of distributable problems using a large number of nodes
ios4 The 2010-2011 version of the iPhone/iPad/iPod Touch/Apple TV operating system family, made by Apple.
calendar a system of reckoning time in which the beginning, length and divisions of a year are defined
macros ***DO NOT USE for VBA / MS-Office languages
localization the process of adapting a product or service to a particular language, culture, and desired local "look-and-feel
crystal-reports a report writer that operates as a stand-alone report designer, an integrated part of Visual Studio, or part of SAP's Business Objects Enterprise suite.
installation the deployment of an application onto a device for future execution and use.
mfc The Microsoft Foundation Class Library is a C++ framework for Windows GUI programming.
windows-7 Use for questions about programming with or for Windows 7, a past release of Microsoft Windows
textbox a graphical user interface element which allows for simple input text, usually only a single line of text.
asp-classic Active Server Pages , also known as Classic ASP or ASP Classic, was Microsoft's first server-side script-engine for dynamically-generated web pages
sql-server-2008-r2 for questions specific to the 2008 R2 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.
stream a series of data elements which can be accessed in a serial fashion
uiwebview display web content from within an iOS application
jqgrid an Ajax-enabled jQuery plugin that provides a solution for representing tabular data on the web.
onclick An event which occurs when user clicked an object
gulp a JavaScript build system, Node.js-based task runner like Grunt
shiny an R package that makes it easy to build interactive web applications using only R.
drag-and-drop In computer graphical user interfaces, drag-and-drop is the action of selecting a virtual object by it and dragging it to a different location or onto another…
eclipse-plugin an OSGi extensible platform for tool integration
com a component technology from Microsoft, featuring remoting, language independence and interface-based programming
windows-8 The successor to Microsoft Windows 7 that focuses on a new interface style for touch-based devices and tablets.
cocos2d-iphone Objective-C version for iOS & OS X of Cocos2d
lucene The term Lucene refers to the open source Java fulltext search engine library, but also to the entire eco-system that grew around it, including lucene.net, solr, elasticsearch and zend-search-lucene.
django-forms Specific questions related to forms with the Django web framework
scikit-learn a machine-learning library for Python that provides simple and efficient tools for data analysis and data mining, with a focus on machine learning
linker part of the toolchain for producing executables from source code written in compiled programming languages
header deprecated because it lacks discriminating power
hashmap A data structure that uses a hash function to map identifying values, known as keys, to their associated values
listbox A graphical user interface element that allows the user to select one or more items from a list.
compiler-construction should be applied to questions concerning the programming of compilers or for questions about the detailed inner workings of compilers
floating-point approximations of real numbers that can represent larger ranges than integers but use the same amount of memory, at the cost of lower precision
crash the result of an unrecoverable error that causes the program to stop completely.
dialog A temporary window presented to a user
binary Binary, the base-2 numeral system, represents numbers using two symbols: 0 and 1
x86 an architecture derived from the Intel 8086 CPU
android-edittext the standard text entry widget in Android apps
neural-network Network structure inspired by simplified models of biological neurons
uinavigationcontroller The UINavigationController class implements a specialized iOS view controller that manages the navigation of hierarchical content.
uicollectionview The UICollectionView class manages an ordered collection of data items and presents them using customizable layouts
console A mechanism for interacting with a computer operating system or software by typing commands to perform specific tasks
frameworks an existing library or set of libraries that provides overarching application structure so that the developer can focus primarily on their application's implementation details instead
uibutton a subclass of UIView for displaying buttons in iOS
uiimageview An image view object provides a view-based container for displaying either a single image or for animating a series of images in iOS
pyqt a set of Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
keyboard to ask programming questions related to typing, keyboard hiding and more.
namespaces a container that provides context for identifiers, within which names are unique.
navigation Navigation refers to the process of navigating a network of resources, and the user interface that is used to do so.
request a message sent by a source to another object.
django-templates Questions about the template engine of Django, which is intended to separate the presentation of a document from its data.
annotations used to add information to a code element which cannot be expressed by the type system.
iterator an object-oriented programming pattern that allows traversal through a collection, agnostic of the actual implementation or object addresses in physical memory
openssl an open source software toolkit that implements the SSL/TLS protocol, as well as a general cryptographic library.
jackson a Java library for handling tasks like reading and writing and data binding to/from Java objects
raspberry-pi a small, inexpensive ARM-based PC device
rotation a circular movement of an object around a center of rotation
cryptography Cryptography covers, among other things, encryption, hashing and digital signatures
coffeescript a language that compiles into JavaScript
vb6 Visual Basic 6.0 was the final COM-based version of the VB programming language and IDE, last updated in 2004
jaxb the Java standard for working with XML as domain objects
nested relates to any of various nested entities or operations in programming.
delegates Delegates can refer to several concepts
geolocation the identification of the real-world geographic location of an object, such as a cell phone or an Internet-connected computer terminal
ios8 the eighth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system
drupal-7 the Drupal version that was officially released on January 5, 2011
garbage-collection a form of automatic memory management which attempts to reclaim garbage, or memory occupied by objects that are no longer in use by the program.
access-vba Access-VBA is an event-driven and object-oriented programming language for a variety of tasks, such as user-defined functions and dynamic forms in …
sas a 4GL that underpins the SAS system, a suite of products centered around data processing and statistical procedures
iis-7 IIS Version 7 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
user-controls a separate, reusable input control that allows a user to interact with an application
android-emulator software which simulates the functionality of an Android device running the Android OS
jmeter an open source Java application, designed to load-test functional behavior and measure performance
centos a community-supported, mainly free software operating system based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux
angular-ui-router UI-Router evolves the concept of an AngularJS Route into a more general concept of a State for managing complex application UI states
jasmine a behavior-driven development framework for testing JavaScript code
map a data structure relating keys to values
android-viewpager A ViewGroup that manages the layout for the child views the user can swipe between.
autolayout a constraint-based, descriptive user interface layout system for OS X and iOS.
attributes should be used for any issues relating to a property of an object, element, or file, etc.
gps Abbreviation for Global Positioning System; a navigational system using satellite signals to fix the location of a radio receiver on or above the earth's surface
formatting The process of transforming text or data for presentation
mono an open source implementation of .NET that runs on many platforms, including Linux, Mac OS X, and Windows
network-programming Programming associated with creating and managing networks as well as adding network connectivity to a programs.
event-handling a coding style about handling messages between a source and one or more subscribers
char char typically refers to a character data-type, representing letters of text.
dojo an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites
prolog the most commonly used logic programming language
scrapy a fast open-source high-level screen scraping and web crawling framework written in Python, used to crawl websites and extract structured data from their pages
internationalization Internationalization is the process of planning and implementing products and services so that they c…
css-selectors patterns that match against elements in a document tree
actionscript a scripting language used to create Rich Internet Applications , mobiles applications, web applications, etc
flexbox CSS3 module for flexible layouts providing a broad range of options for aligning elements while eliminating the need for floats and tables.
statistics Consider whether your question would be better at http://stats.stackexchange.com
jersey the open source, production quality, JAX-RS Reference Implementation for building RESTful Web services.
mocking ways to isolate code or components to ensure that unit tests run against the testable unit of code only without actually utilizing other components or dependencies of an applica…
nosql NoSQL is a broad class of database management systems that differ from the classic model of the relational database management system in some significant…
django-rest-framework A powerful and flexible toolkit for building RESTful Web APIs
gruntjs a task-based command line build tool and task runner for JavaScript projects.
directory a virtual container within a digital file system, in which groups of computer files and other directories can be kept and organized.
xampp a cross-platform Apache distribution bundled with MySQL, PHP and Perl.
textview Android widget that displays text to the user and optionally allows them to edit it
ios6 iOS 6 was announced by Apple on June 11, 2012 and released on September 19th, 2012
operating-system a basic software whose role is to be an abstract layer between software requisitions for resources and the hardware available, manage input/output, memory allocation/deallo…
jvm The Java Virtual Machine enables a set of computer software programs and data structures to use a virtual machine model for the execution of other computer programs and scripts
doctrine a collection of open source libraries and tools for dealing with database abstraction and Object-Relational Mapping written in PHP.
google-drive-sdk Questions related to integration with Google's cloud storage service or interacting with Google Drive files programmatically, via the Google Drive API, Google Drive SDK, or Google Apps Script
tags a marker or semantic descriptor
sum The 'sum' function which returns the sum of the items in an array.
telerik a vendor of development, team productivity, and automated testing tools, as well as UI components and content management solutions for Microsoft .NET.
angularjs-scope an object that refers to the application model
ado.net commonly used by programmers to access and modify data stored in relational database systems, though it can also access data in non-relational sources
internet-explorer-8 a web browser developed by Microsoft, released on 19 March 2009 for Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, and Windows 7.
async-await This covers the asynchronous programming model supported by various programming languages, using the async and await keywords.
sharepoint-2010 For SharePoint-specific questions, please see the SharePoint Stack Exchange site at http://sharepoint.stackexchange.com/
serial-port a physical interface through which data is transferred one bit at a time
segmentation-fault Segmentation faults occur when accessing memory which does not belong to your process
.net-4.0 Version 4.0 of the .NET Framework
zend-framework2 a PHP 5.3+ 5.4 or 5.5+ MVC framework and component library.
ide IDEs are computer programs that facilitate efficient software development by providing features beyond those of a simple text editor.
grid ambiguous, please don't use it
cors The CORS protocol enables Web servers to send the Access-Control-Allow-Origin header and other response headers to tell browsers to relax the same-origin policy and all…
xmlhttprequest a JavaScript object that exposes an API for making asynchronous HTTP requests from frontend code running a Web browser — that is, for enabling the programming technique known …
blackberry a line of mobile e-mail and smartphone devices developed and designed since 1999 by the Canadian company of the same name .
swift2 only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.x of Apple's Swift programming language
ldap Lightweight Directory Access Protocol , is an application protocol for accessing and maintaining distributed directory information services over an IP network.
rust a language designed for writing highly reliable and fast software in a simple way
type-conversion the way of implicitly or explicitly changing an entity of one data type into another
asp.net-mvc-2 the second major version of the ASP.NET MVC platform, it has since been outdated by ASP.NET MVC 3.
rubygems a package management tool for the Ruby programming language
youtube-api The YouTube APIs and Tools enable the integration of YouTube's video content and functionality into a website, application, or device.
imageview Android widget that displays an arbitrary image or drawable, such as an icon.
modal-dialog display important information to the user
http-headers In the Hypertext Transfer Protocol , HTTP header fields contain the operating parameters of an HTTP request or response
kotlin an open-source, statically typed programming language backed by JetBrains
android-gradle Android's standard build system
pyspark The Spark Python API exposes the apache-spark programming model to Python.
popup In general, popup refers to any UI element that floats above a window or application surface
android-actionbar Android's window feature that identifies the application and user location, and provides user actions and navigation modes.
wix The WiX Toolset is a toolset that builds Windows installation packages and WiX bootstrappers from XML source code
wsdl an XML based, human- and machine-readable language used to describe a web service
duplicates concerns detecting and/or dealing with multiple instances of items in collections.
fortran a general-purpose, procedural, imperative programming language that is especially suited for numeric computation and scientific computing
smtp an Internet standard for electronic mail transmission across Internet Protocol networks.
pygame a set of Python modules designed for writing video games
numbers a mathematical object used to count, measure and label
json.net a popular high-performance JSON framework for .NET.
windows-runtime a Microsoft platform architecture that allows applications to run in a sandboxed environment exposing a 'Windows Modern Style' UI/UX
uiimage The basic image handling class of Cocoa-Touch on iOS
django-views MVC views; they control rendering , and the data displayed.
timezone a region on Earth that has a uniform, legally mandated standard time
wso2 WSO2, Open Source Java based Middleware Service provider
hover Hover refers to the action of placing the mouse cursor over a given element
passwords primarily used as a way of accessing information and also limiting the number of users who can get access to a machine
jframe a component and top-level container of the JFC/Swing framework.
dplyr for questions relating to functions from the dplyr package, such as group_by, summarize, filter, and select.
integer a whole number that can be negative, positive, or zero
cross-browser Cross-browser development refers to the practice of building web sites, web applications, libraries, or components so that they function across different web browsers and rendering engines.
initialization Initialization deals with the task of initializing the contents of your data structure
nlp a subfield of artificial intelligence that involves transforming or extracting useful information from natural language data
timestamp the time at which an event is recorded by a computer system
jquery-selectors Selectors can be used in jQuery to match a set of elements in a document
pip a replacement for easy_install, intended to be an improved Python package installer.
format It may refer to text formatting, content format, file format, document file format, etc.
int A data type that represents an integer
synchronization Synchronization refers to using controls to maintain a coherent representation, either a group of processes running the same program , or representations of data
storyboard a graphic organizer in the form of illustrations or images displayed in sequence for the purpose of pre-visualizing a motion picture, animation, motion graphic or interactive media seq…
db2 a family of database servers developed by IBM
webdriver an API for controlling web browsers, imitating a real user
arm used for questions related to the ARM family of computers; that is machines or electronics running on ARM processor cores or systems using an ARM core.
html5-canvas an HTML element that allows for dynamic, scriptable rendering of 2D shapes, 3D shapes, bitmap images and animations in both 2D and 3D.
dependencies A dependency exists between two elements if changes to the definition of one element may cause changes to the other.
radio-button elements used in forms
include A provision that many programming languages provide to allow functionality defined in one file to be used in another.
erlang a general-purpose, garbage-collected programming language and runtime environment, with built-in support for concurrency, distribution and fault tolerance.
find has multiple meanings
switch-statement In computer programming, a switch, case, select or inspect statement is a type of selection control mechanism
resources Assets necessary for effective operation or physical files to provide some externalized enrichment to an appli…
entity-framework-6 The ADO.NET Entity Framework Version 6.
protractor an end-to-end test framework for AngularJS applications built on top of WebDriverJs
jni The Java Native Interface gives both the ability for JVM implementations to run system native code, and the ability for native code to run Java code
sonarqube the open source platform, to continuously inspect code quality of applications
udp one of the messaging protocols of the IP protocol stack
windows-phone-8.1 a major update to Microsoft's Windows Phone 8 operating system
copy to create a duplicate of an object without destroying the original
apache-kafka a distributed streaming platform designed to store and process high-throughput data streams.
resize Issues relating to the resizing of controls, windows, forms or screens.
rabbitmq an open-source message broker originally implementing the AMQP protocol with additional messaging protocols supported via a plug-in architecture
gdb for problems related to or involving GDB, the standard debugger for the GNU software system.
set a collection in which no element is repeated, which may be able to enumerate its elements according to an ordering criterion or retain no order .
language-agnostic for PROGRAMMING QUESTIONS that are independent of any particular programming language.
air Adobe Integrated Runtime , also known as Adobe AIR, is a cross-platform runtime environment developed by Adobe Systems for building applications targeting desktop, mobile and television systems u…
widget an element of a user interface or a self-contained software application
mercurial a fast, open-source DVCS .
return A return statement causes execution to leave the current subroutine and resume at the point in the code immediately after where the subroutine was called, known as its return address
computer-vision Computer vision enables images, or sequences of images, to be processed by a computer using an algorithm
website DO NOT USE
stack a last in, first out abstract data type and data structure
continuous-integration the building and automated testing of the full software product on a frequent schedule: at least once a day, often several times a day and sometimes as often as after ev…
polymer The Polymer library provides a set of features that make it easy and fast to make custom elements that work like standard DOM elements.
save To store in a computer or on a storage device.
jtable a Java Swing component used to display and edit regular two-dimensional tables of cells.
boolean a data type with only two possible values: true or false.
slider A graphical widget in a GUI with which a user may set a value by moving an indicator.
sql-update used to change existing rows in a table.
mongodb-query for questions related to querying and updating MongoDB collections, either through the `mongo` shell or using a programming language driver.
ef-code-first a way of using Microsoft's Entity Framework with POCO classes, as opposed to model-first or DB-first.
order VAGUE
click In user interfaces, click refers to the depressing of a mouse button or similar input device.
web-config an XML file that stores the main settings and configuration files for an IIS server.
location a specific position in physical space, e.g
visual-studio-code a source code and text editor for Linux, OS X, and Windows
foreign-keys a column or combination of columns in a relational table that matches a candidate key of another table
twig a modern, fast, flexible, and secure templating engine for PHP
entity-framework-4 A tag for ADO.NET Entity Framework 4.x, itself an object-relational mapping for the .NET framework.
jasper-reports JasperReports, an open source Java reporting tool, can be used in all Java applications from desktop to web applications
treeview used to display hierarchical information.
sbt an open source build tool for Scala and Java projects, similar to Java's Maven or Ant.
controls for programming scenarios related to controls .
windows-services background service processes run by the Service Control Manager on Windows NT based operating systems, similar to daemons or UNIX services.
log4j a popular Java-based logging utility
command a directive to a computer program acting as an interpreter of some kind, in order to perform a specific task
apache-camel a powerful open source integration framework based on known Enterprise Integration Patterns with powerful Bean Integration
queue an ordered, first-in-first-out data structure
google-play an integrated destination for apps, books, movies, Games, and music, accessible to users on Android devices and to anyone on the Web.
geometry a branch of mathematics concerned with questions of shape, size, relative position of figures, and the properties of space.
dart a class-based, optionally-typed programming language for building web and command-line applications
phantomjs a headless WebKit with a JavaScript API
applet Applet means 'small application'
g++ the C++ frontend to the GNU Compiler Collection .
ckeditor a JavaScript based WYSIWYG editor created for use within web pages
requirejs a JavaScript file and module loader
gmail a free email service offered by Google
arguments a value passed to a function, procedure, or command line program
xna a cross-platform framework originally from Microsoft that facilitates game development with .NET
deep-learning an area of machine learning whose goal is to learn complex functions using special neural network architectures that are
rss a family of web feed formats used to publish frequently updated works—such as blog entries, news headlines, audio, and video—in a standardized format.
glassfish the reference Java EE application server.
position Position refers to the location of an element relative to its container, typically on the horizontal and vertical axes.
phpunit a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP
vagrant a command line tool for provisioning virtualized environments on top of various providers, including VirtualBox, VMWare and AWS.
visual-studio-2017 Visual Studio 2017 is a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio
timeout The timeout term refers to a predefined period of time allowed to elapse before an event is to occur
cursor a control structure for traversing records in a database
connection transfer data between two endpoints, such as between a client and a web, database, web service or other server.
angularjs-ng-repeat The `ngRepeat` directive instantiates a template once per item from a collection
polymorphism a programming language feature that allows values of different data types to be handled in a uniform manner.
coding-style Questions that follow Java coding style and conventions.
debian a universal operating system composed of over 29000 free and open-source software packages
dataset a collection of data, generally represented in tabular form, with columns signifying different variables and rows signify different members of the set
uitextfield a control that displays editable text and sends an action message to a target object when the user presses the return button
window a graphical interface to let a user interact with a program
seo OFF-TOPIC
filesystems a way of organizing data on a computer system
playframework-2.0 a major revision of Play, a Ruby on Rails-like framework for the Java platform
base64 a set of encoding schemes that represent binary data in an ASCII string format.
google-cloud-messaging a service to allow data to be sent remotely to Android and iOS applications and Chrome extensions and packaged apps.
compare The analysis required to assess the differences and similarities between two or more entities.
thread-safety thread-safe if it only manipulates data structures in a way that allows consistent execution of this code by multiple threads
in-app-purchase In-app purchase usually refers to the acquisition of a feature for an application from within the application itself
ruby-on-rails-3.2 Ruby on Rails version 3.2.0 released at January 20, 2012
vuejs2 an open-source library for building interactive web interfaces
nsstring the plain-text character-string class in Cocoa and Cocoa Touch
kubernetes an open-source platform designed to automate deployment, scaling, and operation of application containers, across multiple hosts and/or clouds
migration An action of moving between major version of any framework, product or language, or, just as commonly, alteration to the data schema of an application
laravel-5.2 a past version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell
composer-php a tool for dependency management in PHP
django-admin Django's built-in, automatic admin interface which is part of the Django Web framework for the Python programming language.
icons a small pictogram used in graphical user interfaces to supplement the presentation of textual information to the user.
windows-phone Microsoft's mobile operating system and software development platform
wordpress-plugin WordPress plugins allow users and developers to extend the default WordPress functionality.
google-visualization The Google Visualization API allows SVG, Flash, and Image charts and dashboards to be created based on data from a variety of sources
.net-core an open-source, modular implementation of the .NET Framework
ip for questions related to the Internet Protocol
zip a format for compressed file archives, allowing packaging of multiple files and directories into a single file.
append to join or add on to the end of something.
data.table an extension of data.frame built for fast in-memory data analysis
kernel a computer program that manages input/output requests from software, and translates them into data processing instructions for the central processing unit and other electro…
package Package broadly refers to two things: 1) a usable unit/component of built/compiled of software, or 2) a partition of the global namespace .
broadcastreceiver an Android component that responds to system-wide broadcast announcements.
ansible a model-driven configuration management, multi-node deployment/orchestration and remote task execution system
windows-store-apps This refers to Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 apps only
react-router React Router - A complete routing library for React inspired by Ember's routing system
embedded Embedded refers to embedded systems, which involves areas such as microcontroller/DSP firmware programming, real-time systems, electronic interfaces, hardware drivers, serial bus communication etc.
multiprocessing the use of two or more central processing units within a single computer system
subprocess The Python subprocess module allows you to spawn new processes, connect to their input/output/error pipes, and obtain their return codes
escaping the process of applying an alternate meaning to a character or set of characters.
nuget a free, open source developer focused package management system for the .NET platform.
spring-data an umbrella open source project which contains many subprojects that are specific to a given database
windows-installer From the MSDN documentation: Microsoft Windows Installer is an installation and configuration service provided with Windows
web-crawler a computer program that browses the World Wide Web in a methodical, automated manner or in an orderly fashion
certificate an electronic document used in cryptography.
itext Library to create and manipulate PDF documents in Java and C#
hex the base-16 positional numeral system, using the 16 symbols 0–9 and A‒F.
styles does not currently have a single, well-defined meaning
pthreads a standardised C-based API for creating and manipulating threads
locking Locking allows different types of resources to be used exclusively by one process at a time.
localhost In computer networking, localhost is the standard hostname given to the address of the loopback network interface.
singleton A design pattern that ensures that exactly one application-wide instance of a particular class exists
google-cloud-platform Google Cloud Platform provides cloud computing services that let you build applications and websites, store data, and analyze data on Google's infrastructure.
leaflet an open-source JavaScript library for mobile-friendly, cross-browser, interactive maps
imagemagick an open source software suite for displaying, converting and editing raster image files.
keras a minimalist, highly modular neural network library providing a high-level Python API that allows for rapid prototyping, and allows the use of one of several computational back-ends.
subquery vague SQL terminology, used to describe when there's either more than one `SELECT` statement in a query, or when used in Data Manipulation Language statements
maps a visual representation of an area—a symbolic depiction highlighting relationships between elements of that space such as objects, regions, and themes.
python-requests a full-featured Python HTTP library with an easy-to-use, logical API.
windows-10 The successor to Microsoft Windows 8.1 which combines features from Windows 7 and 8.1, including touch-interface and restored Start Menu
qml QML is a declarative language that allows user interfaces to be described in terms of their visual components and how they interact and relate with one ano…
admob a mobile advertising company owned by Google
pattern-matching for questions about testing whether a data structure has a particular shape or contains particular values in certain locations
uikit UIKit is the object-oriented framework that is responsible for most of the iOS user interface.
cygwin a collection of GNU and other Unix-like FOSS tools which run on MS Windows and provide functionality similar to a GNU/Linux distribution while conforming to POSIX specifications
automated-tests the use of software to control the execution of tests, the comparison of actual outcomes to predicted outcomes, the setting up of test preconditions, and other test control and test…
jpanel a container in the Java Swing Framework that allows custom rendering using layout managers
firefox-addon a way of adding to or modifying the Firefox web browser
odbc Open Database Connectivity provides a standard software interface for accessing database management systems .
webkit an open-source Web content engine for browsers and other applications, such as Apple Safari, Mail, App Store and several mobile browsers including the pre-installed browsers for Android, iOS…
gtk a toolkit for creating graphical user interfaces with cross platform compatibility and an easy to use API.
key retrieve a paired value
printf a common function for formatted output
alignment In GUI context, alignment refers to the positioning of visual elements
export refers to the automated or semi-automated conversion of data sets from one data format to another
range an extent of values between its lower and upper bound
tinymce a web-based JavaScript HTML WYSIWYG editor control available as open source and a cloud-based API
google-bigquery a Google Cloud Platform product providing serverless queries of petabyte-scale data sets using SQL
gem A Gem refers to a bundled piece of code managed with RubyGems
repository Can refer to the data store of a version control system containing the whole history of a project, or to an object that transfers data between the business layer of an application and its data store.
label a placeholder for text and other UI elements.
apple-push-notifications a service created by Apple Inc
cucumber a Behavior Driven Development tool that executes functional descriptions written in plain text as automated tests.
xhtml XHTML, eXtensible HyperText Markup Language, is an application of HTML that is also a valid XML document, as opposed to standard HTML which is based on SGML
sms the standardized text communication service component of phone, web or mobile communication systems that allow the exchange of short text messages between fixed line or …
compression The name given to the process of encoding data such that it uses lesser number of bits as compared to the original representation.
salesforce A Platform-as-a-Service development environment delivered on Salesforce.com - the platform is more correctly referred to as Force.com
fragment an ambiguous tag, used to refer to numerous technologies
http-post one of the HTTP protocol methods; it is used when the client needs to send data to the server, such as when uploading a file, or submitting a completed form.
content-management-system a platform used to build websites that are easily edited by multiple users
firebase-authentication Firebase Authentication makes building secure application easy for developers, while improving the sign-in and onboarding experience for end users
jquery-validate a jQuery plugin by Jörn Zaefferer
applescript an end user scripting language that has been available in Mac computers since System 7 Pro
gson Google's open-source library for serializing and deserializing Java objects to/from JSON.
webserver A software application that services requests from clients using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol.
apache-poi a Java library for reading and writing various Microsoft file formats, especially Office related ones
openerp a suite of web based open source business apps
app-store Apple's online digital distribution store for applications
install Installation of a program is the act of putting the program onto a computer system so that it can be executed.
oracle10g an RDBMS product
asp.net-web-api2 a framework for building HTTP services for clients like browsers and mobile devices
less an open-source stylesheet preprocessor that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variables, mixins, operations and functions
double a 64 bit data type used for storing fractional numbers.
full-text-search Full text search involves searching documents, usually involving unstructured text, as opposed to searching text fields in a structured database.
pycharm an integrated development environment for Python
usb an acronym for Universal Serial Bus, a standard for a serial host-to-device protocol defined by the USB Implementors Forum.
environment-variables a set of dynamic named values that can affect the way running processes will behave on a computer.
pipe A Unix pipe connects file descriptors of two processes
mockito a mocking framework for Java
realm a data synchronization platform for mobile applications
tuples simple *product types*, representing ordered collections of types.
closures a first-class function that refers to variables from the scope in which it was defined
iteration the successive repetitions in loops such as for, foreach or while
malloc The malloc function performs dynamic memory allocation in C and is part of the standard library
authorization the process of determining whether a user, program or device is allowed to access a protected resource in a particular way
xcode6 Apple's integrated development environment
time-series a sequence of data points with values measured at successive times
asp.net-core-mvc a lightweight presentation framework for creating dynamic websites with ASP.NET Core
scheme a functional programming language in the Lisp family, closely modelled on lambda calculus with eager evaluation
fullcalendar a jQuery plugin developed by Adam Shaw that loads events by AJAX and presents them in a calendar/agenda display.
linq-to-entities for questions about LINQ to Entities, which means LINQ queries using the ADO.NET Entity Framework
output The externally observable consequences of calling a program on some input
syntax-error A syntax error occurs when a program does not follow the syntactical rules of the programming language.
latex a macro package implemented on Donald Knuth's TeX programming language and is used primarily for creating high quality written documents
react-redux Official React bindings for Redux
spring-data-jpa part of the Spring Data umbrella project which makes it easy to implement JPA based repositories
logic Logic refers to the ultimate flow of your code and how you arrive your desired solution
mapping Corresponding every element of a given set to a unique element of another set or it may refer to a process of creating data element mappings between two distinct data models
wordpress-theming the way to style your WordPress powered weblog / website.
load A measure of the amount of work a computer is performing
client an application or system that accesses a service made available by a server.
jms a Java Message Oriented Middleware API for sending messages between two or more clients
mule a lightweight Java-based enterprise service bus and integration platform that allows developers to connect applications together quickly and easily, enabling them to exchange data
uilabel The UILabel class implements a read-only text view in iOS
many-to-many A type of relationship between entities of types A and B which associates a list of entities of type B to an entity of type A and vice versa
comparison Questions about data comparison and efficient ways to accomplish it
google-cloud-datastore a scalable, fully-managed NoSQL document database for web and mobile applications.
signalr a library for ASP.NET developers that makes it incredibly simple to add real-time web functionality to your applications
akka an open-source toolkit and runtime simplifying the construction of concurrent and distributed applications on the JVM
apache2 a modular cross-platform web server software with a large variety of features including SSL, compression, log, proxy and server-side programming lang…
ejb a managed, server-side component architecture for modular construction of enterprise applications
jetty a widely-used async Java-based HTTP server and servlet engine supporting HTTP/1.0, HTTP/1.1, HTTP/2, and WebSocket protocols.
substring Part of a string, or the function/method that returns part of a string
rxjs The Reactive Extensions for JavaScript is a set of libraries for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable collections and Array Extras style composition.
kendo-grid a Kendo widget that displays tabular data and offers rich support interacting with data, including paging, sorting, grouping, and selection
global-variables In computer programming, a global variable is a variable that is accessible in every scope
refactoring a disciplined technique for restructuring an existing body of code, altering its internal structure without changing its external behavior.
video-streaming the process of delivering a video from a server to a client
pivot The PIVOT syntax converts row data into columnar data, and vice versa for the UNPIVOT syntax
jax-rs JAX-RS: Java API for RESTful Web Services
hbase the Hadoop database
operator-overloading a feature of a programming language that allows custom implementations for operators depending on the types of the operands involved
sitecore a web content management and customer experience management system built on Microsoft ASP.NET
apache-spark-sql a tool for on Spark, a fast and general-purpose cluster computing system.
components A component in the Unified Modeling Language "represents a modular part of a system, that encapsulates its content and whose manifestation is replaceable within its environment
runtime-error detected after or during the execution of a program.
android-sqlite Android uses SQLite to store and retrieve data persistently
docker-compose a tool for defining and running complex applications with Docker
devexpress a component vendor for a variety of controls across different technologies
ibm-mobilefirst IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation helps organizations extend their business to mobile devices
java-me Java Platform, Micro Edition, or Java ME, is a Java platform designed for embedded systems.
out-of-memory thrown when a program makes a request for memory that cannot be satisfied.
streaming the process of delivering digital multimedia content from a provider to a consumer over a network
interface-builder a visual design tool used to create user interfaces for Apple's macOS and iOS platforms.
.net-3.5 The 3.5 version of the .NET Framework, which is based on the 2.0 .NET Framework with extra assemblies
ssl-certificate an X.509 certificate that is used to provide authentication, privacy and integrity for a secure connection
themes give another look and feel to existing UI and has a close relation to templating.
runtime the time during which a program is running
wxpython a Python wrapper for the cross-platform C++ GUI API wxWidgets.
jquery-animate Refers to jQuery's animate method
tableview a means for displaying and editing hierarchical lists of information
handlebars.js a templating library for JavaScript.
focus Focus indicates the component of the graphical user interface which is currently selected to receive input.
hdfs the primary storage system used by Hadoop applications
liferay an open source JSR 286 compliant portal and social platform, written in Java
cypher a graph query language for Neo4j
clang For questions about the clang LLVM compiler front end
conditional Conditional has various meanings for various languages and probably should be avoided as a tag.
report A report contains summarized information from a data source, usually in an end-user-friendly format, such as PDF or Excel, although proprietary reporting tools als…
constraints a condition that has to be fulfilled in a given context
media-queries Media queries enable the conditional application of CSS styles based on media types, such as screen and print, and the conditions of media features, such as viewport and device height and width
local-storage a way to store persistent data using JavaScript .
sails.js Sails makes it easy to build custom, enterprise-grade Node.js apps
uitabbarcontroller The UITabBarController class implements a specialized view controller that manages a radio-style selection interface
fluent-nhibernate Fluent NHibernate lets you write NHibernate mappings in strongly typed C# code
registry a database where configuration settings for hardware, software and the Windows operating system itself are saved.
touch Touch-based interfaces have unique considerations that do not apply to other modes of input, and vice versa.
bit-manipulation The manipulation of individual bits
operators symbols that occur in nearly all programming and coding languages, for performing calculations and comparisons on data.
try-catch a syntactic construct for catching exceptions raised by a code section
google-play-services With Google Play services, your Android app can take advantage of the latest, Google-powered features such as Maps, Google+, and more, with automatic platform updates distributed as an APK through the…
tcl Tool Command Language was invented by John Ousterhout as a way to make it easy to write little languages for configuring EDA tools, but it has grown far beyond those humble beginnings to become a gene…
typo3 an Open Source Enterprise Web Content Management System , written in PHP
progress-bar a component in a graphical user interface used to convey the progress of a task, such as a download or file transfer.
override Method overriding, in object oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is already provided by one of its s…
xmpp XMPP is an open, standard protocol for near-real-time exchange of XML-structured data.
ipython a feature-rich interactive shell for Python, and provides a kernel for frontends such as IPython Notebook and Jupyter Notebook.
pdf-generation the process of creating a PDF document using various tools or libraries.
extjs4 in relation to ExtJS 4.0 - 4.2; Ext JS 4 is the fourth major version of the JavaScript library for building Rich Internet Applications , and now includes an MVC architecture w…
bigdata a concept that deals with data sets of extreme volumes
ssrs-2008 Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services provides a server-based platform designed to support a wide variety of reporting needs enabling organizations to deliver relevant information where needed.…
android-webview Part of the Android API
cocoapods the dependency manager for Cocoa projects.
c++-cli based on C++, modified to allow compilation of a mixture of native code and code for Microsoft's Common Language Infrastructure
size Size in computing can refer to various dimensions: size in bits, in bytes, in pixels, in memory, in disk space, etc
jsoup Java HTML Parser for extracting and manipulating HTML data, using the best of DOM, CSS, and jquery-like methods.
html5-video an element introduced in the HTML5 draft specification for the purpose of creating a standards-compliant, plugin-free way for playing videos and movies, partially replacing the object e…
max Maximum value
xcode4 Xcode 4 was the main development tool for developing software under Mac OS X, targeting Mac OS and iOS.
websphere IBM WebSphere Application Server, a software application server, is the flagship product within IBM's WebSphere brand
cloud about hardware-based services involving computing, network and storage capacities
maven-2 a software project management and comprehension tool
chef an open source systems integration framework from Chef Software that allows you to describe the configuration of systems and infrastructure in code
swt a user interface library for Java maintained by the Eclipse Foundation
character Refers to a symbol that represents a letter or number
aws-lambda a compute service that lets you run code without overheads of managing servers
mocha Mocha can refer to: A feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on Node.js and the browser; A Ruby library for mocking and stubbing with built-in support for support for MiniTest and Test…
shared-libraries libraries that are loaded by programs when they start
elixir an open-source, dynamic, compiled, general purpose functional programming language
css-float Positioning elements to the left or right of their containers using the CSS float attribute.
nunit an open source unit testing framework for .NET and Silverlight written in C#
client-server a centralized model, in which a server performs a specialized service for multiple clients on request.
expression Combination of several programming symbols and values intending to produce a result
asp.net-identity designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems.
android-camera The Android framework includes support for various cameras and camera features available on devices, allowing you to capture pictures and videos in your applications.
ms-access-2010 Microsoft Access 2010 Personal Relational Database Management System.
osgi The OSGi framework is a module system and service platform for the Java programming language that implements a complete and dynamic component model.
lisp a family of general purpose programming languages, influenced by the lambda calculus, and with the ability to manipulate source code as a data structure.
android-service an application component representing either an application's desire to perform a longer-running operation while not interacting with the user or to supply functionality for other applica…
android-widget Either relates to Home Screen widgets, or to general UI elements used on an Android Application screen.
underscore.js a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides a lot of the functional programming support that you would expect in Prototype.js , but without extending any of the built-in…
sharedpreferences SharedPreferences allows you to save and retrieve persistent key-value pairs of primitive data types in Android applications
awt Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit.
ruby-on-rails-3.1 a specific version of Ruby on Rails
2d the computer-based generation of digital images—mostly from two-dimensional models.
testng a testing framework focused on providing both unit and functional testing abilities in the Java programming language
win-universal-app Windows Universal apps target multiple types of devices via a single codebase
64bit usually a system where addresses are 64 bits wide
database-connection a facility that allows client software to communicate with database server software, whether on the same machine or not
parameter-passing the process of assigning values to the parameters of a function
tomcat7 Version 7.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
installer OFF-TOPIC
titanium a JavaScript-based SDK allowing developers to create native iOS, Android, hybrid, and mobile web applications.
qt4 Questions specifically relating to the deprecated version 4.x.x of the Qt C++ GUI library
silverlight-4.0 Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
task an abstraction that is used to work with concurrency, it can denote operation that should be executed concurrently with the rest of a program
tooltip a GUI element which typically pops up when the mouse pointer is hovering over an item in the GUI and provides some contextual information or clarification.
nsmutablearray NSMutableArray represents a modifiable array object for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch
bluetooth-lowenergy a new radio standard, introduced in 2006
cross-domain Cross-domain refers to web applications that communicate outside of their hosting domain / web server
odata a standardized protocol for building REST APIs
tdd Test-Driven Development involves writing a failing automated test to specify what is to be built
ember-data a data persistence extension for the Ember.js framework.
decimal the name for our common base-ten numeral system
relational-database a database consisting of relation variables
concatenation Refers to the joining of two or more elements into a single element.
left-join an outer join which generates a result that contains all the records of the table even when there are no matching records in other tables taking part in the join.
nsarray An immutable, integer-indexed array of objects from the Apple Foundation framework.
couchdb a document-oriented database that can be queried and indexed in a MapReduce fashion
height The property which determines the size of an object on the Y-axis
match A programming concept about finding results based on some kind of search
notepad++ a free and open source text editor for Windows
glsl the standard programming language for shaders in OpenGL
associations Associations typically refer to relationships between models in ORMs such as ActiveRecord.
uml Unified Modeling Language, an object modeling and specification language used in software engineering.
byte A unit of information usually corresponding to 8 bits
preg-replace a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions.
logstash a tool for managing events and logs
excel-2010 is used for referencing the Excel Version 2010 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
pyqt4 a set of Python bindings for Digia's Qt application framework and runs on all platforms supported by Qt including Windows, MacOS/X and Linux.
httprequest a message within a request/response sequence, according to HTTP specification
weblogic a Java EE application server from Oracle
textarea an HTML element used to create a multi-line plain-text editing field.
javafx-8 JavaFX 8 introduces a new API for JavaFX technology
signals a notification to a process that an event occurred
containers a class, a data structure, or an abstract data type whose instances are collections of other objects
uinavigationbar The UINavigationBar class implements a control for navigating hierarchical content in iOS
fancybox a tool that offers a nice and elegant way to add zooming functionality for images, html content and multi-media on your webpages.
material-design Google's guide for visual, motion, and interaction design across platforms and devices, introduced with Android 5.0 Lollipop.
aggregation-framework The MongoDB Aggregation Framework provides a means to reshape and aggregate data in MongoDB 2.2+.
jstl a JSP based standard tag library which offers tags to control the flow in the JSP page, date/number formatting and internationalization facilities and several utilit…
drawing Issues around forms and graphics being drawn onto a computer screen, windowing system or device
row A horizontal line of cells in a spreadsheet, SQL table, HTML table, or similar structure.
width The property which determines the size of an object on the X-axis
schema Schema means shape, or more generally, plan
sinatra a Domain Specific Language for quickly creating web applications in Ruby with minimal effort
wpf-controls composite collections of other controls, and CustomControls, which are controls built with WPF styles and templates.
apache-pig a platform for analyzing large data sets that consists of a high-level language for expressing data analysis programs, coupled with infrastructure for evaluating these programs
editor relates to text editors, source code editors and programs specifically designed for modifying plain text files used in computer programming.
celery a distributed task queue framework for Python, used for asynchronous and parallel execution.
png an image file format designed to store raster graphics
uitextview The UITextView class implements the behavior for a scrollable, multiline text region in iOS
google-chrome-devtools the web developer tools built into Google Chrome
dynamics-crm a multilingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
entity an object which has an identity and can be uniquely determined, holds storable information or can be processed
ocaml a strict statically-typed functional programming language, focusing on expressiveness, correctness and efficiency.
httpwebrequest a class for .NET Framework applications that provides a HTTP-specific implementation of the WebRequest class.
task-parallel-library part of .NET 4 and .NET 4.5
amazon-dynamodb Amazon's own NoSQL implementation which they offer as a cloud service under the umbrella of Amazon Web Services
phpstorm a commercial IDE for PHP built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA
time-complexity The time complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of time taken by an algorithm to run as a function of the size of the input to the problem
apk An .apk file extension denotes an Android Package file
virtual-machine software emulating complete computer hardware
anaconda an Open Data Science platform powered by Python.
teamcity a continuous integration tool and a distributed Java-based build management system that can be highly beneficial to teams using an agile development approach.
html-parsing the process of consuming a serialization of an HTML document and producing a representation that you can work with programmatically — e.g., in order to extra data from it
capybara a web application testing framework for Rack applications, such as Rails, Sinatra and Merb.
comments a programming language construct used to embed non-compiled, programmer-readable annotations in the source code of a computer program.
yaml for questions about the YAML format only, not for questions about programs that happen to have their configuration in a YAML format
deserialization the process by which an object is recreated from its serialized state.
sql-order-by An ORDER BY clause in SQL specifies that a SQL SELECT statement returns a result set with the rows being sorted by the values of one or more columns.
adobe a software company headquartered in San Jose, California, USA
pug a robust, elegant and feature rich template engine for Node.js.
spring-integration for questions about the Spring Integration project
adb a tool that comes with the Android SDK that allows you to control and interface with your Android device.
http-status-code-404 The HTTP status code 404 or indicates the server could not find the requested file or resource.
directx a collection of APIs for handling tasks related to multimedia, especially 3D graphics and game programming and video, on Microsoft platforms.
interop a requirement for one computer system or programming language to work with another.
cxf Apache CXF helps you build and develop services using frontend programming APIs, like JAX-WS and JAX-RS
xpages IBM's web and mobile application development platform for collaborative and social applications built on top of the IBM Domino and IBM XWork Server platforms.
html-lists Used for ordered and unordered lists and their list items in HTML, and also any list styles applied to them.
structure a fundamental, tangible or intangible notion referring to the recognition, observation, nature, and permanence of patterns and relationships of entities.
ms-office a proprietary collection of desktop applications intended to be used by knowledge workers for Windows and Macintosh computers
ibm-cloud IBM® Cloud platform combines platform as a service with infrastructure as a service to build, run, deploy, and manage applications on the cloud
android-volley a Google library for Android that makes networking and remote image loading easier and faster.
scrollview Be sure to use a **platform specific** tag
javafx-2 JavaFX 2 provides a Java-based UI platform for creating standalone or browser-based Rich Client Applications
zurb-foundation a cross-device CSS framework, maintained by ZURB, for building both prototypes and production code.
mapkit Apple's framework for presenting and annotating scrollable and zoom-enabled maps on iOS and OS X.
scheduled-tasks a computer task that is scheduled to happen at a certain time and may repeat.
ios-simulator The iOS Simulator application presents the iPhone or iPad user interface in a window on the computer to emulate iPhone or iPad devices
vsts Visual Studio Team Services provides unlimited private Git hosting, cloud build for continuous integration, agile planning along with release management for …
buffer an area of memory set aside for temporary storage of data while it is being moved from one place to another
qt5 Questions specifically for version 5.x of the Qt library
text-files primarily associated with 'Text File'
mingw a native software port of the GNU Compiler Collection and GNU Binutils for use in the development of native Microsoft Windows applications
eclipse-rcp For questions about the Eclipse Rich Client Platform which is a generic Java platform for running applications
fork the Unix/Linux/POSIX way of creating a new process by duplicating the calling process.
case In SQL, the CASE expression executes a list of conditions, returning the result for the first condition which evaluates to true.
facebook-javascript-sdk Facebook's JavaScript SDK provides a rich set of client-side functionality for accessing Facebook's server-side API calls
avfoundation The AVFoundation framework provides both Objective-C and Swift interfaces for editing and playing audio-visual media in a Mac OSX or iOS application
preg-match Regular expression pattern matching function for the PHP programming language
profiling the process of measuring an application or system by running an analysis tool called a profiler
wamp WAMP refers to a web development software stack utilizing Windows, Apache Web Server, MySQL database, and the PHP programming language
ascii A character-encoding scheme based on the ordering of the English alphabet
single-sign-on Single sign-on, a system for sharing authentication credentials between different systems
blob a collection of binary data stored as a single entity in a database management system.
memcached a simple distributed object cache that caches information in memory, and can be used to improve the performance of dynamic web applications by reducing access time and database load.
command-line-interface The interface to a program that consists entirely of text, as opposed to a GUI, or Graphical User Interface.
c++14 the name of the C++ standard, approved in 2014
scanf Questions related to the scanf family of functions in the C runtime library, which read and convert formatted data.
ubuntu-14.04 a support release of the Ubuntu Linux distribution
spark-dataframe Structured columnar data, analogous to pandas or R dataframes, but with a spark RDD basis, allowing massive, distributed SQL-like operation.
sencha-touch a multi mobile device JavaScript library based on HTML5 and the Model, View, Controller pattern
scrollbar a graphical user interface element relating to a display which is only partially visible
kivy an open source Python library for rapid development of cross-platform applications equipped with novel user interfaces, such as multi-touch apps.
mouseevent A general tag for user-interface events that are generated by the mouse
cross-platform An attribute conferred to computer software or computing methods and concepts that are implemented and inter-operate on multiple computer platforms.
webgl WebGL extends the capability of the HTML canvas element to allow it to render accelerated graphics in any compatible web browser
mkmapview part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing location-aware iOS applications, and provides an embeddable map interface
sh the standard Unix shell since Version 7 Unix
field a smaller piece of data from a larger collection.
textures series of images used in computer graphics to associate locations on a visible surface with varying values
vsto a set of development tools for creating Office automation solutions , using .NET and the Visual Studio IDE.
domain-driven-design an approach to developing software for complex needs by deeply connecting the implementation to an evolving model of the core business concepts
console-application a computer program designed to be used via a text-only computer interface, such as a text terminal, the command line interface of some operating systems or t…
twilio a set of web services and tools by the eponymous company to do text/picture messages, phone calls, and embed VoIP functions into web and mobile applications.
cgi a standard defining how web server software can delegate web page generation to a stand-alone application or executable file
gitlab an Open Source Git repository manager with issue tracking and wiki as well as continuous integration features
angular-material an implementation of Material Design in Angular
bitbucket a hosting site for Git and Mercurial
artificial-intelligence the branch of computer science and technology that studies the development of machines able to simulate aspects of human intelligence
webrtc a free, open project that provides browsers and mobile applications with Real-Time Communications capabilities via simple APIs
nsdate NSDate objects represent a single point in time
prepared-statement A Prepared Statement is a precompiled SQL statement that serves to improve performance and mitigate SQL injection attacks
sublimetext3 a multi-language, multi-platform code editor, developed by Jon Skinner.
mpi the Message Passing Interface, a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performance technical comput…
gnuplot a portable command-line driven graphing utility for linux, OS/2, MS Windows, OSX, VMS, and many other platforms
openshift Red Hat's Platform as a Service , a cloud application development and hosting platform.
opencart Free open source shopping cart system written in PHP and based on MVC architecture
jwt an emerging type of token-based authentication used in space-constrained environments such as HTTP Authorization headers.
linq-to-xml LINQ-to-XML provides a SQL-like query experience for navigating, parsing, and aggregating data stored in XML documents.
wifi OFF-TOPIC
subdomain a domain which is a part of a larger domain
office365 Microsoft Office 365 includes service APIs for the hosted versions of Exchange Server, SharePoint, Lync, and Yammer
aes a cryptographic block cipher algorithm.
views Views refer to database constructs that allow a user to join several tables together or restrict access to certain data
ruby-on-rails-5 For issues specific to version 5.0.x of Rails
laravel-5.1 a past version of the open-source PHP web framework
uri a string of characters used to identify a name or resource
asp.net-ajax A set of extensions to ASP.NET developed by Microsoft for implementing Ajax functionality.
itunesconnect a suite of web-based tools for managing content sold on the iTunes Store, App Store, Mac App Store, and iBooks Store
firebase-cloud-messaging the new version of GCM
submit Refers to the action of sending data to a specific destination.
c-preprocessor The macro preprocessing step of the C and C++ computer programming languages
android-animation Animations can be integrated into Android Apps, through both Java and XML.
azure-sql-database a relational PaaS database hosted in Microsoft Azure
electron a framework created by GitHub that lets you write cross-platform desktop applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
backup The act of saving one's files, data, applications, etc
ionic3 the newer version of Ionic, the open source SDK that enables developers to build performant, high-quality mobile apps using familiar web technologies
rendering Rendering refers to a computer program formatting data for display or printing.
filtering In signal processing the complete or partial suppression of some aspect of the signal
retrofit a type-safe REST client for Android and Java by Square, Inc.
background-image The background-image CSS property sets one or more background images for an element.
tortoisesvn a Subversion client for Windows, implemented as a shell extension.
internet-explorer-9 Windows Internet Explorer 9 is a web browser developed by Microsoft, released on 14 March 2011
rx-java RxJava – Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Java VM
port an application-specific or process-specific software construct serving as a communications endpoint.
jenkins-plugins an open source continuous integration software
echo Simple function outputting text
exec refers to the starting of another, subsidiary program
virtualbox Oracle VM VirtualBox is an x86 virtualization software package, now developed by Oracle Corporation
query-optimization to how to make SQL queries run faster
ionic Cross-platform native mobile app development framework built with AngularJS for use in Cordova
mongoid the official Ruby Object-Document-Mapper for MongoDB.
android-manifest The manifest presents essential information about the application to the Android system
sharepoint-2013 Microsoft SharePoint version 2013
this Keyword that refers to the current class instance or object in many object-oriented programming languages.
laravel-5.3 a past version of the open-source Model-View-Controller framework for PHP created by Taylor Otwell
toggle to switch it to its opposite state
activemq an open source message broker which fully implements the Java Message Service 1.1
version Version defines an unique state of a computer software or a file.
prototype In prototype-based languages, the prototype of an object is a set of properties which is inherited by all objects which are based on this object
chat Generic term for
opencl a framework for writing programs that execute across heterogeneous platforms consisting of CPUs, GPUs, and other processors.
servicestack Fast, Simple and Versatile message-based Web Services and MQ Framework for .NET and .NET Core
rstudio for general R programming problems, just use the R tag
eclipselink EclipseLink delivers a comprehensive open-source Java persistence solution
binary-tree A tree data structures in which each node has at most two child nodes.
border a graphical user interface construct that is used to surround and/or highlight something that is contained within.
coordinates indicate the position of an object relative to an axis
css-transitions CSS Transitions allows property changes in CSS values to occur smoothly over a specified duration.
java.util.scanner A simple text scanner in the JDK which can parse primitive types and strings using regular expressions.
processing an open source programming language and environment for people who want to create images, animations, and interactions.
classification In machine learning and statistics, classification is the problem of identifying which of a set of categories a new observation belongs to, on the basis of a training set of data containing observatio…
segue a configurable object which specifies a transition from one scene to another.
overflow a CSS property which governs what happens if content overflows its containing box.
undefined undefined if it has not been assigned a value.
bootstrap-modal Bootstrap provides a JavaScript-powered dialog element that can be used to replace native dialogs ; unlike native dialogs, Bootstrap modals cannot block the flow of execution.
documentation FOR DOCUMENT GENERATORS ONLY
xml-serialization refers to serialization technologies which use XML as a data format.
dynamics-crm-2011 a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
css-position The property in CSS allows you to control the location of an element on the page by setting its value to static , relative, absolute, fixed, or sticky.
rsa a common public key algorithm, which can be used for encryption and signature
shader a program to perform calculations on geometry or pixel data in computer graphics.
storage being kept in memory/on disks, most frequently being applied to databases, media banks and backup-recovery solutions.
table ambiguous
inner-join A database operation that combines the values of 2 tables based on a condition, or relationship, that exists between those tables.
listener An object that reacts to an event that it is 'listening' for.
xcode8 an IDE created by Apple for the development of macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS applications
build.gradle The file build.gradle describes the default actions and tasks launched by 'gradle' command in the appropriate folder.
line The shortest distance between two points
nltk a Python library for computational linguistics.
cordova-plugins A Cordova plugin bridges a bit of functionality between the WebView powering a Cordova application and the native platform the Cordova application is running on
persistence Persistence in computer programming refers to the capability of saving data outside the application memory.
token a string of characters, categorized according to the rules as a symbol
spring-batch a lightweight, comprehensive framework aimed at enabling the development of batch applications vital for the daily operations of enterprise systems
common-lisp a standardized version of the Lisp programming language intended for production-strength power.
core-graphics Apple's framework for low-level drawing operations on Mac OS X and iOS.
metadata Meta-data provides information about one or more aspects of the data
heap a tree that is ordered with respect to depth
refresh The periodic energizing required to maintain the contents of computer memory, screen, etc
xslt-1.0 for questions specific to XSL Transformations version 1.0 and no other version.
angular-ui-bootstrap A set of AngularJS directives based on Twitter Bootstrap's markup and CSS
markdown a plain text formatting syntax designed so that it can be converted to HTML using a tool by the same name
google-cloud-storage a RESTful service for storing and accessing your data on Google's infrastructure
sapui5 'sapui5' covers both the Dec 2013 Open Sourced version of the toolkit commonly known as
ms-access-2007 Microsoft Access 2007 - a rapid database application development tool
resharper a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio versions since 2003.
const a qualifier used to define a data storage area that , thus allowing extra code generator optimizations and additional static checking of pr…
google-calendar Questions related to interacting programmatically with Google Calendar calendars and events
posix POSIX is a set of standards defining programming APIs, a command interpreter, and common utilities for Unix-like operating systems.
angular2-routing a built-in feature that enables you to create a Single Page Application user interface, where users can navigate to different views without having to reload the entire page fr…
ssas part of Microsoft's SQL Server system
spinner a widget that allows the user to select an item from a group, like a dropdown list.
driver a computer program allowing higher-level computer programs to interact with a hardware device
virtualenv a tool that creates sandboxed Python environments.
mariadb an open source database server that offers drop-in replacement functionality for MySQL.
phonegap-plugins A Cordova plugin bridges a bit of functionality between the WebView powering a Cordova application and the native platform the Cordova application is running on.
folder a virtual container within a digital file system, in which groups of computer files and other folders can be kept and organized.
gpu Acronym for
paperclip a library for the Ruby on Rails framework which makes dealing with file attachments easier
google-maps-markers Markers identify locations on the map
ios9 the ninth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system
gzip both the name for a compressed data format and any of several software applications implementing this format
webbrowser-control refers to the WebBrowser ActiveX Control and for Windows Forms or WPF applications
url-routing the process of mapping a URL to its content.
chart.js a JavaScript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages
workflow an orchestrated and repeatable pattern of business activity enabled by the systematic organization of resources into processes that transform materials, provide services, or process inform…
grouping The process of grouping entities into collections of associated elements.
rewrite Refers to URL rewriting, or the restructuring of a URL to improve readability and/or search engine optimization .
swagger a framework implementation for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful web services, based on Open API specification
google-plus Integrate applications or websites with the Google+ platform
screen A screen on a device, such as an iPhone or other smartphone
bootstrap-4 the fourth major version of the popular Web front-end framework that aids in the creation of responsive, mobile-first websites and web apps.
bundle a group of resources.
internet-explorer-7 a web browser developed by Microsoft, released October 2006 for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.
java-stream for questions related to the use of the Stream API
hql HQL, acronym for , is a query language used by Hibernate and NHibernate
integration-testing A form of software testing where individual software modules are combined and tested as a group
android-linearlayout one of the basic layouts in Android
jekyll a blog-aware, static site generator written in Ruby.
jbutton a common button in Java Swing.
prestashop a free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL.
protocols A common means for related objects to communicate with each other.
laravel-5.4 the recent old version of the open-source PHP web framework replaced by 5.5 version created by Taylor Otwell
push the action of sending local changes to a remote repository.
classpath In Java, the classpath tells the Java Virtual Machine where to look for user-defined classes and packages when running Java programs
appium An open-source test automation tool for use with native and hybrid mobile apps
frontend The user-facing part of an application
regression a collection of statistical techniques for modeling and predicting one or multiple variables based on other data.
sap a software company based in Germany
httpclient DO NOT USE - Use
vhdl VHDL is a language used in electronic design to describe digital systems such as FPGA and IC .
google-oauth Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization
iis-7.5 IIS Version 7.5 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
warnings often issued on recognizing a potential high-risk situation, a probable misunderstanding, degraded service or imminent failure.
amazon a US-based multinational e-commerce company
e-commerce Electronic commerce, commonly known as e-commerce, eCommerce or e-comm, refers to the buying and selling of products or services over electronic systems such as the Internet.
xcode5 Apple's integrated development environment
openmp a cross-platform multi-threading API which allows fine-grained task parallelization and synchronization using special compiler directives.
maven-3 a tool for project management and build automation
rake Ruby build utility similar to make with build commands defined in pure Ruby.
passport.js authentication middleware for Node.js
sublimetext2 a multi-language and cross-platform sophisticated code editor developed by Jon Skinner.
llvm a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
ssms a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server.
branch a term used in version control systems to represent an independent line of development
symfony1 The first version of symfony, a full stack MVC framework for PHP 5.
vaadin a client-server framework, that builds on GWT and uses Java to code all of the server and clientside code
big-o used to represent asymptotic upper bounds
smarty a templating engine for PHP
hook a broad programming term that usually refers to replacing default behavior with a custom behavior or injecting a listener into a stream of activity.
jupyter-notebook a web application that provides a frontend to many different languages and interactive shells such as IPython
jinja2 a fast template engine for Python
pivot-table a method of summarizing data in tabular form
elastic-beanstalk a PAAS cloud service offered by Amazon Web Services.
adapter A design pattern that makes several interfaces compatible through a common interface or class
cakephp-2.0 Questions about the 2.0.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
angular-cli a command line interface for building, managing and deploying Angular applications.
jsonp a technique for working around cross-domain Ajax limitations.
converter Converters can change data from one type to another, translate data based on cultural information, or modify other aspects of the presentation.
xcode7 an IDE by Apple for the development of iOS and OS X applications
jira a proprietary issue tracking product, developed by Atlassian
sequelize.js The Sequelize library provides an ORM for Node.js, written entirely in JavaScript
itextsharp a .NET open source library for PDF generation and manipulation.
cluster-computing a set of connected systems that work together so that in many respects they can be viewed as a single system.
azure-web-sites Web application hosting on the Microsoft Azure cloud computing platform
flex4 an Apache Framework used to build RIA for Flash Player.
keyboard-shortcuts Keyboard shortcuts provide quick access to application or system actions via combinatorial key presses.
binary-search-tree a data structure which consists of a root node with left and right child nodes
transform Coordinate and other transformations
entity-framework-5 The ADO.NET Entity Framework version 5, containing support for .net 4.5
zoom the act of enlarging something to view it in greater detail.
carousel A rotating display of content that can house a variety of content that usually includes buttons to rotate through the content.
hashtable a collection that uses a hash function to map identifying values to their associated values.
javamail A Java API to send and receive emails
unique distinctly different from any other element in a collection.
alamofire an HTTP networking library written in Swift.
instagram A free photo sharing program that allows users to take a photo, apply a digital filter to it and then share it on social networking services.
automapper A convention-based object-to-object mapper and transformer for .NET
oracle-sqldeveloper a free and fully supported graphical tool for database development.
mips a RISC instruction set architecture
hide Methods for hiding visual components, particularly with regard to HTML.
hosting Hosting refers to the commercial service offered by companies that let you run websites using their servers
action a response of the program on occurrence detected by the program that may be handled by the program events.
owin Open Web Interface for .NET that describes how components in a HTTP pipeline should communicate.
nsdictionary A member of Apple's Objective-C framework Cocoa
android-arrayadapter backed by an array of arbitrary objects.
microsoft-metro Unless you have design questions - you should more likely tag your question as windows-store-apps or windows-runtime or winrt-xaml or winjs
winrt-xaml for the XAML UI framework specific to Windows-Store-Apps on Windows-8
generator a generalisation of a subroutine, primarily used to simplify the writing of iterators
sencha-touch-2 JavaScript framework for mobile devices, UI interface, DataAccess and encapsulation.
signal-processing AKA digital signal processing
momentjs A lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, manipulating, and formatting dates
aggregate Aggregate refers to the process of summarizing grouped data, commonly used in Statistics.
wildfly WildFly, formerly known as JBoss Application Server, is an open source application server, developed by Redhat, that implements the latest enterprise Java standards.
gorm Grails' object relational mapping implementation.
condition In computer science, conditional statements, conditional expressions and conditional constructs are features of a programming language which perform different computations or actions depending on whet…
programming-languages an artificial language designed to express computations that can be performed by a machine
rails-activerecord The implementation of object-relational mapping using the Active Record pattern in the Ruby on Rails framework.
core-animation Apple's framework for performing hardware-accelerated animation of display elements on the Mac and iOS devices
asp.net-mvc-routing Questions about routing within ASP.NET .
settings Settings may refer to the tweaking which can be used to help improve the user-experience or performance etc.
observable typically a programming construct that can be
racket an extensible multi-paradigm programming language in the Lisp/Scheme family.
accessibility Accessibility seeks to make an application usable by everyone, including people with disabilities such as visual, auditory, ambulatory, or cognitive impairment.
anchor a HTML element used to define the link between the current element and the destination .
karma-runner Karma provides developers a testing environment where they don't have to set up many things, rather just write code and get instant feedback in order to improve productivity and creativity.
nodes the basic units used to build data structures such as linked lists and trees.
navigation-drawer a panel that transitions in/out from the edge of the screen and displays the app’s main navigation options.
sprite a two-dimensional image or animation that is integrated into a larger scene.
julia-lang a high-level, high-performance dynamic programming language for technical computing
verilog a hardware description language used to model electronic systems
jax-ws the JSR 224 defining a Java API for XML-Based Web Services
sdl a cross-platform multimedia library designed to provide low level access to audio, keyboard, mouse, joystick, 3D hardware via OpenGL, and 2D video framebuffer
response a general term for a message which is sent as an answer for previously made request.
cocos2d-x C++ cross-platform version of Cocos2D, an open-source mobile 2D game framework.
internet-explorer-11 the successor to Internet Explorer 10
integration The process of linking together different computing systems and software applications physically or functionally, to act as a coordinated whole
jpeg a commonly used method of lossy compression for digital photography .
config Config files configure the initial settings for some computer programs
call the action of invoking a subroutine of code, an external program or a script in a programming environment
rvm a command line tool which allows users to install, manage and work with multiple Ruby environments from interpreters to sets of gems easily in the various Unix-like syste…
umbraco an open source .NET based content management system
qt-creator a comprehensive open source C++ IDE which is part of the Qt Project.
wolfram-mathematica a computer algebra system and programming language from Wolfram Research
mp3 MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 Audio Layer III, more commonly referred to as MP3, is a patented digital audio encoding format using a form of lossy data compression
thymeleaf an XML/XHTML/HTML5 template engine that can work both in web and non-web environments
android-mediaplayer control playback of audio/video files and streams in Android devices
custom-controls a reusable GUI element, derived from an existing control type, customized with additional behavior, functionality and/or appearance.
bytearray Represents an array of bytes
richfaces RichFaces was a component library for JSF and an advanced framework for easily integrating AJAX capabilities into business applications
inversion-of-control an abstract principle describing an aspect of some software architecture designs in which the flow of control of a system is inverted in comparison to procedural programm…
css-animations CSS animations make it possible to animate transitions from one CSS style configuration to another
histogram a graphical representation, showing a visual impression of the distribution of data.
instance In object-oriented programming an instance is an occurrence or a copy of an object, whether currently executing or not.
special-characters Special characters are language-specific reserved characters or symbols used to accomplish a specific task
locale a set of parameters that defines the user's language, country and any special variant preferences that the user wants to see in their user interface
homebrew a package manager for OS X
contextmenu a menu in a graphical user interface that appears upon user interaction, such as a right mouse click or middle click mouse operation.
subset A subset consists of those elements selected from a larger set of elements, by their position in the larger set or other features, such as their value.
open-source software distributed under an open source license
protocol-buffers a language-neutral and platform-neutral way of encoding structured data in an efficient yet extensible format
azure-active-directory Microsoft Azure Active Directory is a modern, REST-based service that provides identity management and access control capabilities for your cloud applications.
stripe-payments Stripe-payments refers to the libraries and API produced by the company for payment processing.
windows-8.1 Windows 8.1, released on October 18, 2013, is the first major update to Microsoft Windows 8
lazy-loading a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed.
google-places-api a service that returns information about Places — defined within this API as establishments, geographic locations, or prominent points of interest
system System may refer to a set of interdependent components; Low level infrastructure like the operating system or an object or function for accessing the previous
alarmmanager Android class providing access to the system alarm services.
orientation the way up, down, left or right something is facing or being held in
powerpoint a Windows and Macintosh presentation program produced by Microsoft
datasource a name given to the connection set up to a database from a server
drupal-6 the Drupal version released on February 13, 2008
cell an atomic element within a structure composed of columns and/or rows, such as a table or grid.
spark-streaming an extension of the core Apache Spark API that enables high-throughput, fault-tolerant stream processing of live data streams
connection-string A string containing information necessary for connecting to a service, usually database.
phpmailer a PHP email transport class featuring file attachments, SMTP servers, CCs, BCCs, HTML messages, word wrap, and more.
android-imageview Displays an arbitrary image or a drawable, such as an icon or an xml defined graphical element.
entity-framework-core a version of the Entity Framework ORM that is compatible with .NET Core.
sparql a set of specifications by W3C that provide languages and protocols to query and manipulate RDF graph content on the Web or in an RDF store
moq Moq is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees.
overlay user interface elements that are displayed over other UI elements, typically for the purpose of presenting additional or enhanced information and detail.
cakephp-3.0 Questions about the 3.0.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
afnetworking a networking library for iOS and Mac OS X
share questions about sharing resources in networks
newline Newline refers to a character sequence representing a line break in text
dockerfile a file containing instructions to build a Docker image
tfs2010 a complete Application Lifecycle Management suite, offered by Microsoft
mysql-workbench a visual database design tool that is developed by MySQL
opengl-es-2.0 Subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones
karma-jasmine an adapter for the Jasmine testing framework,which is shipped with Karma by default.
uiimagepickercontroller Questions related to the iOS UIImagePickerController class , which provides system-supplied user interfaces for taking pictures and movies …
wmi an API for managing the Windows operating system on local or remote computers.
ninject a dependency injection framework for .NET applications.
elisp the extension language for the GNU Emacs text editor, and in fact, most of the functionality of Emacs is implemented using Emacs Lisp
unity5 a cross-platform game engine with a built-in IDE developed by Unity Technologies
mobile-safari A mobile version of Apple’s Safari web browser.
sql-server-ce a free SQL Server embedded database ideal for building standalone and occasionally connected applications for mobile devices, desktops, and Web clients
mouse a pointing device that functions by detecting two-dimensional motion relative to its supporting surface.
automatic-ref-counting a compiler feature that provides automatic memory management of Objective-C objects.
lxml a full-featured, high performance Python library for processing XML and HTML.
abstract-class classes which cannot be instantiated
capistrano a developer tool for deploying web applications
href a reference to a document that the reader can directly follow, or that is followed automatically.
bar-chart graphical representation of data where the value is represented by the length of the bar.
python-imaging-library The Python Imaging Library provides the Python language with a de-facto standard foundation for image work
selenium-chromedriver Developed in collaboration with the Chromium team, ChromeDriver is a standalone server which implements WebDriver's wire protocol.
embed to place a software module, object, or application into your own application or web page.
translation the process of replacing strings in an application or website to make interfacing with the application or website easier for people from countries with different languages.
netty An open source asynchronous event-driven network application framework written in Java
xquery a functional language designed to query and manipulate XML data
facebook-like Widget that enables users of Facebook to websites, photos, objects, posts, etc.
distinct used to remove duplicate values from a result of a query.
oledb OLE DB is an API designed by Microsoft for accessing data from a variety of sources in a uniform manner.
emulation For questions about emulation and emulators, where a computer program is emulating the behavior of another program or hardware device.
diff The act of identifying differences between two or more files in order to support various software development activities
soapui a desktop application for inspecting, invoking, monitoring, simulating/mocking, and testing of SOAP/WSDL and REST/WADL web services.
static-libraries a set of variables and functions packed in a file, read by the linker during the program build and included in the resulting executable
lodash A low-level JavaScript utility library delivering consistency, customization, performance, and extra features.
gis A Geographic Information System captures, stores, analyzes, manages, and presents data that are linked to location
exchange-server Questions about automation and APIs related to Microsoft's Enterprise level messaging server.
real-time real-time when the timeliness of the activities' completion is a functional requirement and correctness condition, rather than merely a performance metric
combinations a selection of objects from a larger collection in no particular order.
eval a function that allows a programmer to execute arbitrary code written in the same language, from a string variable within a code.
powershell-v2.0 For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 2.0
parent-child A relationship between entities in which one acts in a major role and the other in a minor role
vectorization Vectorization refers to a programming paradigm where functions operate on whole arrays in one go
linux-device-driver Device drivers take on a special role in the Linux kernel
inno-setup a tool to create setup programs with an embedded Pascal-derived scripting language.
media-player Software or hardware device designed to play audio/video files.
facebook-php-sdk The Facebook PHP-SDK provides Facebook Platform support to your PHP - based web apps.
admin admin may refer to both physical persons or software accounts that are dedicated and privileged to change the system they operate.
screenshot A screenshot, screen capture, or screen dump is an image taken by the computer to record the visible items displayed on the monitor or another visual output device
unity-container a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
cluster-analysis the process of grouping , along with the analysis of these results.
inputstream An abstract mechanism for reading a data stream in Java
overloading The terms overloading and overloaded may refer to: - Constructor and method overloading, a type of polymorphism where different functions with the same name are invoked based on the data types of…
clone a copy of an object with all of the same attributes, data, and methods as the original object
retrofit2 the second version of type-safe REST client Retrofit for Android and Java
simplexml A PHP extension shipped with the main source tree
union a keyword of the SQL language for combining the results of multiple SQL's
appcelerator for programming or development questions related to the Appcelerator Platform for developing Native Mobile Apps and APIs using JavaScript
language-lawyer For questions about the intricacies of formal or authoritative specifications of programming languages and environments.
customization Modifying the default state of an application to suit a user's preferences or to address the unique requirements of a particular objective.
activex a Microsoft-proprietary framework for defining and accessing interfaces, to system resources, in a programming-language independent way.
magento-1.7 a version of the Magento eCommerce platform that was released April 24th 2012
extract Questions related to retrieving specific information from a data source, such as a web site, media file, source code collection or compressed archive
fft Short for Fast Fourier Transform, any of a set of algorithms for quickly computing the Discrete Fourier Transform.
webstorm a commercial IDE built by JetBrains for editing JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
google-compute-engine Google Compute Engine offers scalable and flexible virtual machine computing capabilities in the cloud.
classloader an object that is responsible for loading classes in Java.
excel-2007 is used for referencing the Excel Version 2007 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
octave a mathematical software package and scripting language
c#-3.0 C# 3.0 introduces several language extensions that build on C# 2.0 to support the creation and use of higher order, functional style class libraries
rounding Rounding a numerical value means replacing it by another value that is approximately equal but has a shorter, simpler, or more explicit representation.
sequence an ordered list of objects
struts a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications.
.net-4.5 Version 4.5 of the Microsoft .NET Framework
xss a type of computer security vulnerability typically found in web applications that enables malicious attackers to inject client-side script into web pages viewed by other…
windows-xp a Microsoft graphical operating system edition for use on personal computers
metaprogramming the capability to reprogram ones programming environment, as with macros or metaclasses.
analytics For questions related to analytics methods and tools.
exe a common filename extension for an executable file in Microsoft Windows and other operating systems .
azure-storage a highly-scalable, durable, cloud-based storage platform providing four core services: Blobs, Tables, Queues, and Azure Drives.
django-queryset the primary abstraction for retrieving objects from Django's ORM system
log4net a tool to help the programmer output log statements to a variety of output targets
fetch instead
code-coverage a measure of the amount of application source code that has been exercised, usually by some testing regime, often by unit testing.
shopify an online platform for creating e-commerce sites and other dynamic websites.
primary-key a set of attributes that is irreducibly unique and non-nullable within a table.
project a collection of files and resources used in the development of an application or service
sql-server-2014 for questions specific to the 2014 version of Microsoft's SQL Server database engine
imap Internet message application protocol is one of the two most prevalent Internet standard protocols for e-mail retrieval, the other being the Post Office Protocol .
where A clause in programming that applies a Boolean condition .
command-line-arguments Programming command line utilities that take parameters.
innodb an ACID-compliant transactional storage engine for MySQL that uses MultiVersion Concurrency Control .
naming-conventions Naming conventions refer to general rules governing names assigned to programming constructs such as variables and methods
constants definitions whose value is fixed throughout a program's execution
counter a container that keeps track of how many times equivalent values are added
android-canvas The Android Java Canvas
formula a mathematical equation or expression that performs various operations on variables to produce an outcome.
asset-pipeline The asset pipeline provides a framework to concatenate and minify or compress JavaScript and CSS assets
query-string The part of a URL after the ? , containing parameter=value pairs separated by &
ipc IPC stands for Inter-process Communication and represents a set of methods for exchanging data and messages between threads and processes.
nsuserdefaults the Objective-C API for storing and retrieving user preferences in Apple's Foundation framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch
speech-recognition the inter-disciplinary sub-field of computational linguistics which incorporates knowledge and research in the linguistics, computer science, and electrical engineering fiel…
average a measure of the value of a data set
actionbarsherlock an extension of the compatibility library designed to facilitate the use of the action bar design pattern across all versions of Android with a single API.
navbar The portion of HTML and XML that deals directly with page navigation
load-balancing used to describe technology that is used to evenly distribute work across multiple nodes within a network.
list-comprehension A syntactic construct which provides a concise way to create lists in a style similar to the mathematical set-builder notation
linkedin A tool used for finding business/networking connections, such as for suggesting job candidates
ocr Optical character recognition, usually abbreviated to OCR, is the mechanical or electronic translation of scanned images of handwritten, typewritten or printed text into machine-encoded text.
scale is mostly used for questions that relate to proportional resizing of images or UI elements.
gallery a collection of photos in a software system
settimeout a global JavaScript method, used to execute a particular function or piece of code after a given delay.
pymongo the official Python driver for MongoDB created and maintained by MongoDB, Inc
babeljs a JavaScript compiler
boost-asio a cross-platform C++ library for network and low-level I/O programming that provides developers with a consistent asynchronous model using a modern C++ approach.
jboss7.x Version 7 of the JBoss Application Server
relationship typically involve the association that a set of data has with other set of data.
puppet a ruby-based Configuration Management system incorporating a model-driven DSL
phpexcel A PHP library to create, read, edit and write spreadsheet files for MS Excel and other spreadsheet programs
wicket Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry.
collision-detection the problem of determining if geometric objects intersect
clr a core component of Microsoft's .NET initiative
word-vba and is the dominant programming language for Microsoft Office Word.
md5 Cryptographic hash function with a 128-bit hash value
each An iterator function or language struct which can be used to iterate over arrays or lists.
knitr an R package for dynamic report generation based on the concept of literate programming.
windows-mobile a mobile operating system developed by Microsoft that was used in smartphones and mobile devices, but is being currently phased out to specialized markets
pinvoke an implementation specification created by Microsoft of the Common Language Infrastructure for invocation of native code libraries from managed code.
nokogiri An HTML, XML, SAX and Reader parser for Ruby with the ability to search documents via XPath or CSS3 selectors… and much more
cpu The central processing unit or inside a computer which executes the instructions in a computer program.
haml a markup language that’s used to cleanly and simply describe the HTML of any web document without the use of inline code
threadpool Pooling resources in given limits and automatically assign task to open workers.
limit Relates to any sort of limit applied to data or resources, e.g
android-notifications A status notification adds an icon to the system's status bar and a notification message in the notifications window.
uigesturerecognizer an abstract base class for concrete gesture-recognizer classes
svm a set of related supervised learning methods that analyze data and recognize patterns, used for classification and regression analysis.
accordion a type of menu that allows for additional content to be shown below the heading upon mouse action
mdx a query language for OLAP databases
passenger an application server for Rack, Node.js, and WSGI applications that can be run standalone or as an Apache or Nginx module.
rename For anything regarding renaming
r-markdown a markdown variant used for content-creation and/or programming documentation interleaved with R code.
selection The selection can refer to text that has been highlighted, or it can refer to a choice made in UI elements that require one, e.g
aggregate-functions a subset of SQL functions that compute a single value from multiple input rows, mostly used in `SELECT` queries with a `GROUP BY` clause
html-email format emails.
asp.net-membership ASP.NET membership gives you a built-in way to validate and store user credentials.
string-formatting Commonly refers to a number of methods to display an arbitrary number of varied data types into a string.
cdi Java Platform, Enterprise Edition 5 brought dependency injection with Convention over Configuration to Enterprise JavaBeans 3.0
multiple-columns when text is split into a number of parallel text columns, rather than one column of text
whitespace often used to refer to any combination of spaces, tabs, and new lines which create blank space between text, either horizontally or vertically.
quartz-scheduler a Java-based open-source job scheduling service
session-variables a unit of information within a session state
jenkins-pipeline Questions about the Jenkins “Pipeline” plugin suite
selector A selector can be a string identifying a method name in the Objective-C or Smalltalk programming language or a special kind of switch used in computers to connect multiple lines to a single line…
state represent the state of an object
ubuntu-16.04 a long term support release, available from 21st of April 2016
block being burninated, because it can refer to many different things depending on the use of other tags with it
javabeans a custom class which often represents real-world data and encapsulates private properties by public getter and setter methods
bundler a tool that makes it easier to keep track of what Ruby gems an application depends upon
codeblocks for Code::Blocks, an open-source C++ IDE
proguard a tool to shrink, optimize, obfuscate, and preverify Java classes
uicollectionviewcell a class from UIKit framework in iOS
prism a framework for building loosely coupled, maintainable, and testable XAML applications in WPF, Windows 10 UWP, and Xamarin Forms.
return-value the result of evaluation of a return statement.
android-view Questions regarding Views in Android
antlr ANTLR, ANother Tool for Language Recognition, is a language tool that provides a framework for constructing recognizers, interpreters, compilers, and translators from grammatical descriptions containi…
std the name of the namespace containing the C++ Standard Library
z-index z-index represents the order on the z-plane in which an element appears
alert usually a notification message to draw one's attention.
stack-overflow TO REFER TO THE Stack Overflow website
onclicklistener A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse
visualization any technique for creating images, diagrams, or animations to communicate a message.
delay Delay refers to amount of time between two events.
updatepanel an ASP.NET AJAX control which allows page content to be updated asynchronously.
uisearchbar A view class in iOS that implements a text field control for text-based searches.
google-maps-android-api-2 the next generation of Google Maps SDK available for Android developers.
jquery-ui-sortable The jQuery UI Sortable plugin makes selected elements sortable by dragging with the mouse.
nfc a set of short-range communication protocols that enables electronic devices to exchange data within short distances of roughly 10 cm or less.
visual-studio-2005 a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio integrated development environment product line for .NET-based and C++ development
panel a simple container that allows other elements to be placed into it, especially visual user interface elements.
permutation an arrangement of objects into a particular order.
stdout the stream where a program writes its output data.
add a mathematical operation that represents combining collections of objects together into a larger collection
wildcard any character that can be used to substitute for any other character or characters in a string.
render the process of generating an image from a model , by means of computer programs.
session-cookies Session cookies enable a server and a browser to establish an identified connection and communicate though it.
mvvmcross an open source, convention over configuration, MVVM framework for the Xamarin platform and Windows UWP, WPF, Windows Phone 8.1 , Windows 8.1 and Windows Con…
subclass a class that derives or inherits from a parent class
plist A plist file, also known as a file, stores serialized objects such as arrays, dictionaries, and strings.
user-input data that the user inputs into the program
bower a package manager for the web
flash-builder Adobe's official IDE for the Flex SDK and AIR SDK
wso2esb an Open Source Enterprise Service Bus available under the Apache Software License v2.0.
xslt-2.0 for questions specific to XSL Transformations version 2.0 and no other version.
bind means different things in different contexts; consider using less ambiguous tags instead
slideshow a display of a series of chosen information, and/or pictures, which is done for artistic or instructional purposes.
ibm Note: Use the relevant product name tag instead of the general IBM tag, unless you are asking about IBM itself
android-textview Android user interface component that displays text to the user and optionally allows them to edit it.
cpanel a Linux based web hosting control panel that provides a graphical interface and automation tools designed to simplify the process of hosting a web site
dynamic-programming an algorithmic technique for efficiently solving problems with a recursive structure containing many overlapping subproblems.
nsurlconnection the Apple Foundation Framework class that provides support to perform the loading of a URL request
global Refers to a space where variables and other items may be accessed from any scope.
function-pointers a pointer to a function, which can be stored in a variable
packages For questions relating to the use of or naming of packages in Java, Scala, Python and other languages.
facebook-fql Facebook Query Language enables you to use a SQL-style interface to query the data exposed by the Graph API
native An application designed to run in the computer environment being referenced
reporting a purposeful presentation of data, typically for human review
android-support-library The Android Support Library contains backported APIs from newer platforms and APIs that offer utility functionality.
compact-framework Microsoft .Net Compact Framework is a constrained version of Microsoft .Net Framework designed for limited resource devices such as mobile phones, personal digital assistan…
pass-by-reference an argument marshalling strategy whereby a variable's location in memory is passed to a function, rather than a copy of the variable's value, although the function appears in the …
tornado a scalable web server and web framework for Python specializing in handling thousands of simultaneous connections and real-time services.
sharepoint-2007 a Server Product from Microsoft
fabricjs an HTML5 canvas library, providing an object model for canvases, an SVG-to-canvas renderer and a canvas-to-SVG parser.
twisted an event-driven networking engine, written in Python and implementing many different protocols.
handler In the Observer pattern, an event handler is the function or method called on an observer listening for an event dispatched by the subject
data-visualization the study of the visual representation of data
forms-authentication a built-in and extensible system for authenticating users in an ASP.Net application that also maintains that authenticated session via a ticket
codenameone an open source Write Once Run Anywhere Mobile Development Platform that allows Java developers to build native applications
mutex a mechanism to ensure integrity when the same data or resource is accessed concurrently from several threads.
corona a mobile development framework for creating high-performance, multimedia rich applications, games, eBooks etc
box2d a free open source 2-dimensional physics simulator engine written in C++ by Erin Catto and published under the zlib license
grand-central-dispatch Grand Central Dispatch provides a simple and robust mechanism for concurrent and asynchronous operations, primarily in Apple operating systems , but also Fre…
bots software applications that run automated tasks over the Internet
mean-stack a methodology that employs MongoDB, Express, AngularJS and Node.js to provide a complete end-to-end system
replication The use of redundant resources to improve reliability, fault-tolerance, or performance.
actionlistener an invisible GUI object that gets its method called when the user performs a certain action
monitoring the act of looking on the processes or systems for performance, supervision and surveillance.
sftp OFF-TOPIC
html-select An HTML user interface element for choosing one or more option from a finite collection of options.
pyqt5 QT5 bindings for Python programming
activeadmin a Ruby on Rails plugin for generating administration style interfaces
element an atomic unit of data that has precise meaning or precise semantics.
richtextbox The RichTextBox control enables you to display or edit RTF content
pom.xml the fundamental unit of work in Maven.
rdf a language for representing information about resources in the World Wide Web
codeigniter-2 an old and no longer supported version of the popular PHP framework
single-page-application a web application that fits on a single web page with the goal of providing a more fluid user experience akin to a desktop application.
upgrade refers to the process of replacing a particular system with a newer version of the same system
botframework used for building intelligent chat bots and deploying them to multiple messaging platforms or channels at once
csrf a malicious attack to exploit a website's trust in a user's browser.
jquery-select2 a jQuery-based replacement for select boxes
font-awesome an iconic standalone vector font, initially developed for use with the Twitter Bootstrap front-end framework.
cython a superset of the Python language for quickly generating Python C extensions.
transition Using javascript or css to animate an element from one state to another.
war Jar file used to distribute JavaServer Pages, Java Servlets, Java classes, XML files, tag libraries and static Web pages that together constitute …
backgroundworker a helper class in .NET's System.ComponentModel namespace providing a general implementation of the Event-Based Asynchronous Pattern to manage a worker thread, support cooperative c…
dropbox a free cloud storage service that lets you bring your photos, docs, and videos anywhere and share them easily
alias an alternative name
raphael a cross platform JavaScript library for outputting vector graphics in both standards compliant SVG and VML for older versions of Internet Exp…
teradata a Relational Database Management System , capable of supporting many concurrent users from various client platforms
autofac an inversion of control container for Microsoft .NET
transparency the property of being see-through; a transparent object reveals objects behind it
openid an open standard that describes how users can be authenticated in a decentralized manner
nasm the Netwide Assembler, an open-source x86/x64 assembler
interpolation Anything related to function interpolation, i.e
decorator an object-oriented design pattern that allows adding behavior to existing classes in a dynamic fashion
loading Loading refers to retrieving necessary information for display or functionality.
webclient a class for .NET Framework applications that provides methods for sending and receiving data from a resource identified by a URI.
exchangewebservices an extensibility point for clients that connect to the Exchange server and consume information about user availability, and the manipulation of items that are located in…
google-analytics-api A set of APIs for building custom reporting solutions and programmatically managing existing Google Analytics accounts and users.
cross-compiling For general cross compiling issues, where a separate 'hosting' environment is used to build for the 'target' platform.
entity-framework-4.1 for the ADO.NET Entity Framework 4.1, the first release of EF to ship separately from the .NET framework
calculator Questions about calculators, or calculator programming
rows a single data item in a database, spreadsheet, table, grid or list
jpa-2.0 for questions about the version 2.0 of the Java Persistence API
expandablelistview a standard Android widget that shows items in a vertically scrolling two-level list
uipickerview The UIPickerView class implements objects, called picker views, that use a spinning-wheel or slot-machine metaphor to show one or more sets of values
margin The CSS margin properties define the space around elements.
ios10 the tenth version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system
variable-assignment A process of setting or re-setting the value stored in the storage location denoted by a variable name.
filenames metadata about a file; a string used to uniquely identify a file stored on the file system of a computer.
clickonce a Microsoft technology that simplifies deployment of applications by publishing to a website, where the user can install it by clicking a link on a page of that website
marshalling the process of transforming the memory representation of an object to a data format suitable for storage or transmission
crontab A crontab file specifies shell commands to run periodically on a given schedule
dotnetnuke A .NET open source content management system and web application development framework
slice a representation of a part of a sequence, usually defined by a reference to the underlying sequence, an index giving the starting position, a length or end position, and optionally a "strid…
alfresco Alfresco Open Source Enterprise Content Management Software
lotus-notes Tag for programming questions related to Lotus Notes & Domino
frame Frame refers to a property of a UIView or an NSView in Objective-C
flask-sqlalchemy an extension for Flask that provides SQLAlchemy support
payment-gateway A service for authorizing payments for an e-commerce website, an online retailer or a traditional business.
performance-testing Performance Testing: The process of testing to determine the performance of a software product
batch-processing Batch-processing refers to programmatic execution with minimum human interaction.
iis-6 a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft as part of Windows
code-generation Topics related to the generation of code as the output of an application, instead of directly writing code by a programmer.
spreadsheet for questions about spreadsheet apps, plug-ins, libraries, etc., where no more specific tag exists
command-prompt the string of text that a command-line interpreter displays to you, the user, to prompt you for input in interactive mode
android-spinner a control/widget that allows the user to select an item from a group, like a dropdown list...
orchardcms a free, open source, community-focused Content Management System built on the ASP.NET MVC platform.
javascript-objects for questions related to JavaScript objects.
font-face a CSS rule that allows the definition of embedded fonts within a webpage.
reactive-programming a programming paradigm oriented around data flows and the propagation of change.
sublimetext a cross-platform text and source code editor written by Jon Skinner.
magento-1.9 E-commerce PHP framework solution, which has a new responsive theme in version 1.9
fullscreen A fullscreen object occupies the entire screen.
center in HTML causes its contents to be centered within the parent element
screen-scraping Screen-scraping, also known as web-scraping or data-scraping, is a software technique used to collect and parse information from user interfaces
computer-science the science behind programming
manifest a file containing metadata about an application, data file or assembly
ubuntu-12.04 The previous LTS release of Ubuntu, code-named Precise Pangolin
ip-address An Internet Protocol address is a numerical label assigned to each device in a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication
media the storage and transmission channels or tools used to store and deliver information or data.
python-3.5 The version of the Python programming language released on September 13, 2015
external refers to something that is outside of a particular system
viewmodel a framework which defines a coherent set of views to be used in the construction of an architecture
android-contentprovider one of the primary building blocks of Android applications, providing content to applications.
travis-ci A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects
guava Google's Core Java Library for Java and Android development.
sql-injection a code injection technique, used to attack data-driven applications, in which malicious SQL statements are inserted into an entry field for execution
stata commercial general-purpose statistical software
toolbar is for issues relating to the configuration, design, and use of toolbars.
html-agility-pack an open-source HTML parser that builds a read/write DOM and supports Linq, plain XPATH or XSLT.
ember-cli Node module which provides a command line interface for developing Ember.Js applications
inline a function upon which the compiler has been requested to perform inline expansion
urllib2 a builtin python 2 module that defines functions and classes to help with URL actions
valgrind a dynamic analysis tool for Linux, OS X, Android, and Solaris systems
value A numerical quantity assigned to a variable or a field.
plone a content management system written in Python
iphone-sdk-3.0 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.0.
message-queue a design pattern or software engineering component that defines discipline or API for communication between two or more interrelated processes or systems
amazon-redshift a petabyte-scale data warehousing service using existing business intelligence tools to analyze the data
ibm-mq a message oriented middleware product that provides a proprietary API as well as implementing the Java Message Service API
drools a business rule management system with a forward chaining inference based rules engine, more correctly known as a production rule system, using an enhanced implementation of the Rete …
aws-sdk The software development kit for use with the Amazon Web Services API.
flex3 a software development kit released by Adobe Systems for the development and deployment of cross-platform rich Internet applications based on the Adobe Flash platform.
draggable An element capable of being dragged.
draw A tag for questions about methods of displaying graphical data or images.
biztalk a server product for Business Process Management and Enterprise Application Integration, developed by Microsoft.
matlab-figure a high-level language and programming environment developed by MathWorks
wxwidgets a cross-platform GUI framework
padding Extra space inserted into memory structures to achieve address alignment -or- extra space between the frame and the content of an HTML element -or- extra spaces or zeros when printing out values using…
aop AOP stands for Aspect-Oriented Programming
pyside Questions about using PySide, a Python Qt bindings project.
apply A function to call another function with a list of arguments.
pentaho an open source Business Intelligence suite with integrated reporting, dashboard, data mining, workflow and ETL capabilities
junit4 Version 4 of the popular Junit Java Unit testing framework
standards officially published or well agreed upon formats, procedures, or protocols
intellisense Microsoft's implementation of automatic , best known for its use in the Microsoft Visual Studio integrated development environment.
delphi-7 a version of Delphi for Windows 32 bit.
openlayers an open source Javascript web mapping library for creating web map applications.
carrierwave A modern ruby gem for file uploads in Rails and other frameworks, similar to paperclip and attachment_fu
aurelia A next generation JavaScript client framework that leverages simple conventions to empower your creativity.
setinterval a global JavaScript method
syntax-highlighting a feature of some text editors that display text in different colors and fonts according to the category of terms.
android-5.0-lollipop Android Lollipop, formerly known as just , was first shown at Google I/O 2014
robotframework a generic test automation framework for acceptance testing and acceptance test-driven development
x86-64 a 64 bit extension to the Intel x86 architecture
system.reactive System.Reactive refers to the Reactive Extensions for .NET, also known as Rx
extension-methods a language feature of Swift, Visual Basic.NET and c#
jlabel A Java Swing component to display a short text string or an image, or both.
geospatial pertaining to the geographic location and characteristics of natural or constructed features and boundaries on, above, or below the earth's surface; esp
firebug Firebug was a Firefox extension, which allowed the debugging, editing, and monitoring of any website's CSS, HTML, DOM, JavaScript, network traffic and cookies
search-engine program that searches documents for specified keywords and returns a list of the documents where the keywords were found.
ienumerable IEnumerable, and its generic counterpart IEnumerable<T> are .NET interfaces for iterating through a collection of items.
thumbnails reduced-size versions of pictures, used to help in recognizing and organizing them, serving the same role for images as a normal text index does for words.
wget A GNU non-interactive network downloader that retrieves content from web servers
polygon For issues relating to the creation and rendering of polygons in graphical user interfaces.
eclipse-cdt an Eclipse component that provides an IDE for C and C++
httpurlconnection used to make a single request but the underlying network connection to the HTTP server may be transparently shared by other instances.
paypal-sandbox a self-contained environment within which you can prototype and test PayPal features and APIs
web-deployment The activities that make a website available for use on a remote system.
simulation the imitation of some real thing, state of affairs, or process
uistoryboard a screen flow layout mechanism introduced in iOS 5
prototypejs a JavaScript Framework that extends built-in classes to ease JS development
angular-ui the enhancement companion suite to the AngularJS framework
mamp The abbreviation will quickly install the whole stack and provide a GUI for management.
restkit an Objective-C framework for iOS that aims to make interacting with RESTful web services simple, fast and fun
windows-server-2008 Windows Server 2008 is one of Microsoft Windows' server line of operating systems
mediawiki a free software wiki package written in PHP, originally for use on Wikipedia
master-pages a feature of ASP.NET that allows template-based page development.
gstreamer Questions related to GStreamer, an open source multimedia framework, powering everything from linux servers and linux desktop systems to a host of embedded devices.
lwjgl The Lightweight Java Game Library allows access to high performance crossplatform libraries such as OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenAL to write state of the art 2D and 3D applications with Java.
relativelayout A layout where the positions of the children can be described in relation to each other or to the parent.
openxml Questions regarding reading and writing of Microsoft Office Open XML files either through direct manipulation of the XML files contained in a zip package or through the Microsoft Office Open XML SDK.
typeerror a specific type of error raised when an operation or function is applied to an object of inappropriate type
plotly an open source, high-level, declarative charting library, built on top of d3.js and stack.gl
jruby an open-source Java implementation of the Ruby programming language
game-engine a software framework used in the development of video games
repository-pattern The repository pattern provides a way to provide isolation between the data access layer of your application with the business layer
etl an acronym for Extract, Transform, and Load
breeze a JavaScript library that helps manage data in a rich client application
linker-errors An error received when combining individually compiled object files into executable code.
footer In programming, a page footer is part of page that is separated from the main body and appears at the bottom of a page.
stylesheet DO NOT USE THIS TAG
browserify a tool that packages Node.js modules for a web browser.
embedded-linux the use of Linux in embedded computer systems such as mobile phones, personal digital assistants, media players, set-top boxes, and other consumer electronics devices, networking equ…
joomla2.5 an open-source CMS written in PHP and powered by an MVC-oriented framework
nativescript an open source framework created by Telerik that makes native mobile app development easier for web developers
mapbox a mapping platform that includes custom base maps, directions, geocoding, and mobile SDKs.
avplayer used to implement controllers and user interfaces for single- or multiple-item playback.
java-7 Java SE version 7 was released in 2011
decode To convert some encoded data to some representation ready for further processing
gd an open source code library for the dynamic creation of images by programmers
aem a large-scale web content management system that is currently available from Adobe Systems
asterisk OFF-TOPIC
kinect a motion sensing input device for the Xbox 360, Xbox One and PCs
app-config .NET application configuration files contain settings specific to an application.
jndi The Java Naming and Directory Interface is a Java API for a directory service that allows Java software clients to discover and look up data and objects via a name.
one-to-many relationship between two different object properties.
message Facebook messages, JavaScript messages, mobile messages , etc.
openstreetmap a free editable map of the whole world
graphql an API technology designed to describe the complex, nested data dependencies of modern web applications.
office-interop the layer using the COM Interop that allows .NET or C# to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries.
clipboard a software facility that can be used for short-term data storage and/or data transfer between documents or applications, via copy and paste operations.
watchkit an integral part of the Apple Watch experience for third-party applications
couchbase Use for the Couchbase Server product only
wrapper an OOP technique where an object encapsulates another object, resource or a set of subroutines, hid…
image-uploading The process of moving images or similar files from a client machine to a server for storage and possible later display.
updates Updates can refer to the modification of data or configuration by an application, process, or service, or can refer to the modification of software by a process.
default Refers to an initial, most commonly used option, setting, or value that is automatically assigned to an application or device, outside of user intervention, with the intention of making it usable "out…
complexity-theory a branch of the theory of computation in theoretical computer science and mathematics that focuses on classifying computational problems according to their inherent …
yarn a key component of second generation Apache Hadoop infrastructure
stdin Standard input is the input stream to a program.
hudson an extensible continuous integration server written in Java and capable of running on Linux, OS X and Windows.
alertdialog pop-up dialogs that appear in front of the current Activity.
android-custom-view A tag for questions related to building and using custom graphical widgets on the Android platform.
nspredicate used in Mac OS X and iOS development to define logical conditions used to constrain a search either for a fetch or for in-memory filtering.
zsh a Unix shell that can be used as an interactive login shell and as a powerful command interpreter for shell scripting.
textfield a user-interface control allowing the user to input text into a program.
windows-ce Microsoft Windows CE is an operating system developed by Microsoft …
phoenix-framework Elixir Web Framework targeting full-featured, fault tolerant applications with realtime functionality
autohotkey a free, open-source macro-creation and automation software for Microsoft Windows that allows users to automate repetitive tasks
castle-windsor an Inversion of Control container for .NET
weka Weka is an open source machine learning library written in Java.
export-to-excel Use to tag questions about techniques to write an MS-Excel file from various data sources .
kibana an application for exploring and visualizing your data
distance a numerical description of how far apart objects are.
.net-assembly A group of classes and namespaces compiled into a binary file, written in a .NET-specific language such as C# or VB.NET.
angular2-template For questions referencing Angular Template Syntax including: interpolation, input bindings, output bindings, two-way binding, local variables, star syntax, etc
mvvm-light a set of components helping people to get started with the Model - View - ViewModel pattern in Silverlight, WPF, Xamarin, .NET Core and Windows Phone
guice a lightweight dependency injection framework for Java.
local A tag for questions about accessing resources local to a given runtime environment or network.
asmx The web service technology from .NET 1.0, now considered a .
gradient Specifies a range of position-dependent colors, usually used to fill a region.
xib the file format for Interface Builder, which is a development tool for the Mac OS X & iOS platforms.
nsdateformatter Class that creates string representations of NSDate objects, and convert textual representations of dates and times into NSDate objects.
postback a technique in web development in which a page sends an HTTP POST back to the same form on the server.
oracle-apex a rapid Web application development tool that lets you share data and create applications
reverse-proxy A reverse proxy server usually refers to an HTTP accelerator or load-balancer which proxies requests on behalf of the actual clients to one or more backend HTTP servers.
tfsbuild Automated Builds using the Team Foundation Server / Visual Studio Team Services build system
codeigniter-3 the latest major version tree of the popular PHP-based framework
sybase Sybase, a subsidiary of SAP, produces a variety of data management products
facebook-login a popular sign in method for many websites using Facebook credentials.
phonegap-build 'Phonegap Build', an Adobe cloud service, allows you to upload your HTML, CSS, and Javascript to their build service and returns you your complete package
mootools a compact, modular, object-oriented prototypal JavaScript framework designed for the intermediate to advanced JavaScript developer
vertical-alignment Typically a style or other UI definition associated with the placement of an interface item in the vertical plane.
device Electronic devices: computers, smartphones, tablets, electronic hardware and platforms.
h2 a relational database management system written in Java
webpage a document or information resource that is accessible via the Internet or a local file that can be accessed through a web browser and displayed on a monitor or mobile device.
httpresponse a network message which is made of a body and metadata in the form of headers, according to HTTP specification
jodatime Joda-Time provides a quality replacement for the Java date and time classes
drawable a graphics-related term which generally means
root On Unix-like systems, a special user account used for system administration.
postman a toolchain for API developers to share, test, document and monitor APIs.
azure-mobile-services Windows Azure Mobile Apps provides a turnkey backend solution to power your mobile app by allowing you to easily add structured storage, user authentication and push notifications to your iOS, Androi…
postgis for PostGIS is a spatial database extension for PostgreSQL
tableau a family of interactive data visualization products focused on self-service business intelligence
docusignapi Used for DocuSign API questions and general knowledge sharing
virtual An extensible or simulated artifact
sparse-matrix a data structure in which not every entry is explicitly represented
stanford-nlp Suite of Java libraries for natural language processing from Stanford University.
firebird a free and open-source, cross-platform, client-server SQL relational database management system, running on Linux, Unix, and Windows
geocoding a method to find the coordinates of a data record or of an object which represents some other geographic data
mime-types A MIME type after MIME is a two-part identifier for file formats on the Internet.
mod-wsgi a python WSGI adapter module for Apache.
sql-server-2000 for questions specific to the 2000 version of Microsoft's SQL Server
url-redirection URL redirection refers to bouncing a web request to another url
repeater used to display a repeated list of items that are bound to the control.
aspectj an aspect-oriented extension to the Java programming language that enables clean modularization of crosscutting concerns such as logging, error handling, standards enforcement and feature v…
jtextfield a Java Swing component that allows the editing of a single line of text.
greasemonkey OBSOLETE as of Firefox 57
core-location This proprietary Apple framework for iOS and Mac OS X allows apps to obtain information on a device's current location , direction and speed
jquery-ui-datepicker A datepicker widget from jQuery-ui which allows the user to select a date from a popup or inline calendar
paypal-ipn Paypal IPN is PayPal's push notification service that sends a notification when a transaction is created or has a status change
recaptcha For questions about the reCAPTCHA service, designed to protect against spam and abuse by blocking bots while allowing valid users to pass through with ease.
swift4 only for questions directly related to changes in version 4 of Apple's Swift programming language
visibility an attribute of an object
.net-2.0 The 2.0 version of the .NET Framework
azure-storage-blobs a cloud service for storing unstructured binary data
outlook-addin self-contained programs that modify,extend or add functionality to Microsoft Outlook desktop client
surfaceview a widget on the Android platform which provides a dedicated drawing surface.
backend Defines a component in a logical separation of an application.
bufferedreader Java class that reads text from a character-input stream, buffering characters so as to provide for an efficient reading of characters, arrays, and lines.
executable An executable file causes a computer as opposed to a data file that must be parsed by a program to be meaningful.
python-3.4 The version of the Python programming language released on March 16, 2014
redhat For issues relating to Red Hat platforms, products, and/or services.
precision For questions related to numerical precision in programming.
sendmail General purpose email routing facility that supports mail transport via TCP/IP using SMTP
delphi-xe2 a specific version of Delphi
nstimer An Objective C class for creating timer objects.
crm a strategy for managing customer interaction
wait In programming, 'wait' refers to the act of pausing the execution of a program until a specific condition is met or a given amount of time has passed.
assets 1
data-annotations used by frameworks such as ASP.NET MVC to enable a model-based validation approach and enforce consistent validation throughout the application, both on client and server side
rdlc files that allow a ReportViewer control to use its built-in processing capability to generate a Sql Server Reporting Services report.
immutability the inability to modify data after it has been created
objective-c-blocks Apple’s implementation of closures for C, which are also available for Objective-C and C++.
blade part of the PHP MVC framework Laravel
gnu-make for questions about `gmake`, the GNU version of the `make` utility to maintain and update programs.
calayer a Core Animation class in the Quartz Core framework
monodevelop an IDE focusing on developing desktop, mobile and web applications using C# and other .NET languages
cq5 the predecessor brand name of a product called Adobe Experience Manager, or AEM, a large-scale web content management system that is currently available from Adobe Syste…
mstest Microsoft .NET Unit Testing Framework
positioning ambiguous
uialertview UIAlertView, a class contained in Apple's UIKit framework, was used to display an alert to the user
database-schema A description of the structure of the database - including the structure of the tables, columns, constraints, views, etc, etc..
compatibility should be used to identify questions regarding compatibility issues, for example between different versions of the same software product or, development kit or library.
jscrollpane could be used for questions about two topics: 1) a Java Swing component named JScrollPane, 2) a jQuery plugin
hardware Programming questions related to the physical components of a computer
background-color a CSS property used to define the background color of an element.
adt a plugin for the Eclipse IDE that is designed to give you a powerful, integrated environment in which to build Android applications.
vmware a brand of virtual machine software that provides a virtualized set of hardware to the guest operating system.
deadlock Situation where two operations need overlapping sets of resources, and neither can complete because they cannot obtain all locks necessary to complete an operation and release their locks.
monads a composable computation description
linear-algebra a core body of mathematics studying vector spaces and linear mappings between these spaces
equals Refers to Java equals method, indicating whether some object is this one.
connection-pooling In software engineering, a connection pool is a cache of connections maintained so that the connections can be reused when future requests to the resource are required.
perforce a commercial, proprietary, centralized revision control system.
solaris a commercial Unix operating system sold by Oracle, previously from Sun Microsystems
legend commonly used when plotting several sets of data within the same diagram
edit to modify by, for example, deleting, inserting, moving, or copying text.
cllocationmanager The CLLocationManager class defines the interface for configuring the delivery of location- and heading-related events to your application
rdd a distributed memory abstraction that allows programmers to perform in-memory computations on large clusters while retaining the fault tolerance of data flow …
bdd BDD stands for Behavior Driven Development
maven-plugin for the use of specific Maven plugins
angular2-forms a collection of data input controls
crud The four basic operations for a data management system : Create, Read, Update, Delete
rgb RGB stands for Red-Green-Blue and specifies a color using three values, which represent the respective amount of red, green, and blue in the color
mqtt MQTT - a light on the wire protocol for publish/subscribe
x11 an extensible windowing system for bitmap displays
simple-form a gem that offers a convenient way to generate view code for forms in Rails.
reverse-engineering the process of discovering the technological principles of a human made device, object or system through analysis of its structure, function and operation.
casperjs a JavaScript based navigation scripting & testing utility for PhantomJS and SlimerJS
fosuserbundle The FOSUserBundle adds support for a database-backed user system in Symfony2
paint The act of displaying a GUI component on a screen output device
dos A family of text-based operating systems for IBM PCs and compatibles of the 1980s and 1990s, including MS-DOS
nio Java 'New I/O' introduced in 1.4, providing non-blocking and multiplexed network I/O; 'direct' buffers; file locks and mapped files; and character set codecs.
firemonkey the cross-platform UI framework developed by Embarcadero Technologies and is a part of the Embarcadero RAD Studio development tool.
store a data repository of a set of integrated objects
magento2 an eCommerce R&D project facilitating the improvement of Magento Core products
android-adapter An Adapter object acts as a bridge between an AdapterView and the underlying data for that view.
jfreechart a free Java chart library with many available chart types and support for numerous output types
symfony-1.4 Questions about Symfony version 1.4, a PHP framework by Sensio Labs.
virtualhost The term Virtual Host refers to the practice of running more than one web site on a single machine
sql-insert The SQL INSERT statement allows you to insert a single or multiple rows into a table.
gdi+ a Microsoft Windows application programming interface and core operating system component responsible for representing graphical objects and transmitting them to…
mechanize A library for automated web browsing originally developed for Perl, there are now also Python and Ruby implementations.
infinite-loop a loop in which the exit criteria are never satisfied; such a loop would perform a potentially infinite number of iterations of the loop body
header-files used in some programming languages to hold source code as a single copy that may be reused in multiple source files
avaudioplayer Apple’s AVFoundation framework includes AVAudioPlayer, an easy, feature rich, Objective-C based API for playing audio files.
normalization Use for normalizing unicode text
increment Adding one to the value of a variable, generally with the use of an increment operator.
urllib Python module providing a high-level interface for fetching data across the World Wide Web
plpgsql the default procedural language for PostgreSQL
rmi Java's object-oriented remote procedure call mechanism.
python-import For questions about importing modules in Python
sip The Session Initiation Protocol, defined in , is an application layer signalling protocol for establishing and modifying long-running relationships between two or more peers.
microsoft-graph Microsoft Graph exposes multiple APIs from Microsoft cloud services through a single REST API endpoint
benchmarking the process of comparing two or more systems or processes under controlled circumstances in order to have a quantitative measure with which to compare or rank them
crop Crop refers to any issues relating to cropping images.
caffe a fast deep learning framework
grammar a set of production rules that describe how to form strings of valid syntax
layout-manager a collection of standard Java based layout managers for AWT & Swing components
models an abstract representation of a real-life object or process
jhipster a Yeoman generator, used to create a Yeoman + Maven/Gradle + Spring + AngularJS/Angular 4.0 project.
el EL enables the dynamic resolution of Java objects and methods in JSP and Facelets pages
scenekit a high-level framework for building 3D user interfaces, data visualizations, and casual games for iOS, OS X, tvOS and watchOS.
parent the previous node before the node of interest
tesseract an OCR engine originally developed at HP Labs and now available as an open source library with development sponsored by Google.
jupyter a collection of environments and protocols for interactive computing
multipartform-data a content type used to send forms to web services, including file uploads.
fxml a scriptable XML-based language that provides the structure for building a JavaFX user interface separate from the application logic of your code.
microcontroller related to questions that have something to do with a microcontroller
data-mining the process of analyzing large amounts of data in order to find patterns and commonalities.
user-defined-functions A function provided by the user of a program or an environment
versioning the process of assigning either unique version names or unique version numbers to unique states of computer software
database-migration the process of transferring data between storage types, formats, or computer systems
text-to-speech the artificial production of human speech.
qr-code an ISO-standardized two-dimensional barcode format.
liferay-6 an open source Java portal and social platform
ios11 the eleventh version of Apple's iOS mobile operating system
javadoc an extensible documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Java source code and generates compiled documentation
zeromq a high-performance, asynchronous, transport-class agnostic, messaging library, aimed at use in scalable, distributed and/or concurrent applications.
vue-component a powerful Vue feature that allows extending basic HTML elements to encapsulate reusable code.
logback Modern logging facility for Java-based programs with many new features when compared to Log4J and java.util.logging.
swipe A quick motion gesture across the touchscreen.
apache-zookeeper a distributed service that provides configuration information storage, naming, synchronization, coordination, and group services.
export-to-csv A set of techniques to write a CSV file from a data source
powershell-v3.0 For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 3.0
android-xml Android projects use XML in several ways: defining the project and components, building layouts, defining animations, creating menus and specifying resources for the project.
indentation used to organize code by indicating blocks, closures, conditionals, and other constructs
pickle an object serialization module for Python
commit Questions about committing a transaction or to a database, application or version control system.
form-submit sent to an element when the user is attempting to submit a form
theano a numerical computation library for Python
spotify a streaming music service for multiple platforms
payment The process of transferring money, normally in exchange for some product or service
datetimepicker GUI component that allows the user to select a date and a time and to display the date and time with a specified format.
nsdata an Apple class for holding generic data
marionette a composite application library for Backbone.js that aims to simplify the construction of large scale JavaScript applications
twitter-oauth Twitter implementation of oauth
linear-regression for issues related to linear regression modelling approach
obfuscation the process by which the code is altered so that a developer finds it much harder to understand clearly what the intended program does or how it operates
jython an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
system-calls used by programs to request services from the operating system's kernel.
associative-array an abstract data type composed of a collection of unique keys mapped to a collection of values.
reverse Rearranging the order of a sequence such that the final order is a mirror image of the original.
probability Consider if your question would be better at www.stats.stackexchange.com
swig an interface compiler that connects programs written in C and C++ with scripting languages such as Perl, Python, Ruby, and Tcl.
observablecollection a .NET collection class that sends event notifications when items are added, removed, replaced, moved, or reordered in the collection, or when the entire contents of the collec…
orientdb a multi-Model, Open Source, NoSQL, DBMS that combines the power of graphs and the flexibility of documents into one scalable, high-performance operational database.
microservices An architectural approach to developing a single application as a suite of small individually deployable services.
c++builder a RAD C++ environment and component framework for Windows, OS X, iOS and Android.
destructor A special method in object-oriented programming which is invoked when an object is destroyed
factory-bot a Ruby gem that allows you to quickly define prototypes for each of your models and ask for instances with properties that are important to the test at hand.
build-process The sequence of actions required to construct a software product or executable application, or the system which performs such actions.
file-permissions For questions relating to file read/write permissions, user groups, executable bits etc.
partial-views used for code re-usability
hibernate-mapping Hibernate uses mapping metadata to find out how to load and store objects of the persistent class
polymer-1.0 the first production-ready release of Google's web components library, .
ctypes a Python package that wraps C .dll/.so libraries in pure Python.
d a multi-paradigm systems programming language developed by Walter Bright and, since 2006, Andrei Alexandrescu
netlogo an agent-based programming language and integrated modeling environment
sleep a system call that suspends a process or thread for a specified amount of time
shared-ptr Reference counted smart pointer class implementing shared ownership
onchange The onChange event gets triggered when the state of an element is changed
icloud a web service from Apple Inc
semaphore a synchronization primitive that tracks how many of a limited number of resources are available.
physics Refers to real-world physics
custom-post-type A Custom type of content to the Open Source CMS System WordPress.
kml an XML standard used for expressing geographic annotation and visualisations
android-alertdialog A subclass of Dialog that can display one, two or three buttons
android-wear Android Wear extends the Android platform to a new generation of wearable devices, like SmartWatches and SmartBands.
doxygen a multilanguage documentation generation application for C++, C, Java, Objective-C, Python, IDL, Fortran, VHDL, PHP and C# that supports a wide variety of output formats including RTF, HTM…
bing-maps For questions about the Bing Maps API, a cloud mapping platform provided by Microsoft's Bing
typedef In C and C++, the typedef keyword allows you to create an alias for a known data type.
nullreferenceexception thrown when there is an attempt to reference a null or uninitialized object.
html5-audio used to embed sound content in an HTML or XHTML document
pydev an Eclipse plugin for Python development.
nhibernate-mapping XML mappings for the .NET framework object-relational mapper NHibernate as created with .hbm.xml files.
declaration the part of the subprogram which provides the protocol, but not the body of the subprogram.
ssrs-2012 a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft
music In programming, music refers to sound that follows properties distinct from speech or noise, or the symbolic representation, manipulation, and representation of musical objects, or …
android-toolbar a widget based generalization of action bars for use within layouts.
google-chrome-app Google Chrome Apps deliver an experience as capable as a native app, but as safe as a web page
ejb-3.0 used for question related to the session bean and message-driven bean component types of the EJB 3.0 programming model
libraries for questions about software libraries
axis2 A Web Services/SOAP/WSDL framework supported by the Apache Software Foundation
andengine a free 2D OpenGL game engine for the Android platform and includes the Box2D physics engine.
domdocument DOMDocument refers to a class encapsulating the DOM
windbg a user and kernel mode debugger for Windows
ajaxcontroltoolkit an open-source project built on top of the Microsoft ASP.NET AJAX framework.
factory a general term for object-oriented programming patterns which create objects
dreamweaver a combination of an IDE for PHP, ASP, ColdFusion and a WYSIWYG HTML/CSS editor
intel For issues related to Intel semiconductor chips and assemblies, Intel architectural features and ISA extensions, and Intel chips micro-architecture.
publish the process to make something publicly available
fopen fopen opens a file resource, in order to read, write or append content to it.
libcurl only for questions related to the multiprotocol internet transfer library, for question related to command line tool please use the specific curl tag
sqlplus a command-line interface for the Oracle RDBMS product
entity-relationship an abstract and conceptual representation of data, information aspects of a business domain or its process requirements
collision The intersection of one or more objects or concepts, such as communications packets or function names
attachment Any additional content added to a digital object, such as an email attachment.
nested-loops A logical structure used in computer programming where two or more repeating statements are placed in a form
require In interpreted languages like Lua, PHP and Ruby, statement has been placed.
xdebug a PHP extension for profiling, interactive debugging and gathering code coverage information.
move Usually refers to move semantics; consider using that tag instead
accelerometer a device that measures the proper acceleration of the device.
slf4j Simple Logging Facade for Java serves as a simple facade or abstraction layer for various logging frameworks.
greatest-n-per-group Query the row with the greatest/least value per group.
assemblies collections of compiled .Net types and resources grouped into a logical and physical unit .
release Refers to the act of finalizing a software building process for distribution to end-users
barcode should be used for questions on how to generate, decode, or use barcodes in programs.
atom-editor a hackable text editor created by GitHub and developed on top of the Electron desktop application platform.
yeoman a command-line tool for frontend web development
watir Watir stands for Web Application Testing in Ruby
blogs A hip and trendy journal for the web
mpmovieplayercontroller A movie player manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream
osx-lion the eighth major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
currency a medium of exchange of value, usually referring to government issued denominations.
game-physics about implementation, creation, optimization and any other thing related to physics in games
criteria Mechanism typical to ORM frameworks that allows the creation of queries against a database in a dynamic and object-oriented fashion
wampserver Specific release of the WAMP stack for Windows.
sphinx a free software search engine for indexing database content
lightbox a JavaScript application used to display large images using modal dialogs.
jpql The Java Persistence Query Language is a platform-independent object-oriented query language defined as part of the Java Persistence API specification.
background-process a computer process that runs and without user intervention
viewport a rectangular viewing region in computer graphics, or a term used for optical components
copy-paste For issues relating to cut, copy, and paste operations.
android-softkeyboard The default onscreen input method provided by Android OS.
outlook-vba Outlook VBA refers to programming Outlook's native object model using Outlook's implementation of VBA
wpfdatagrid New and improved DataGrid control for Windows Presentation Foundation applications
webcam a video camera that feeds its images in real time to a computer or computer network, often via USB, ethernet, or Wi-Fi.
voip one of a family of internet technologies, communication protocols, and transmission technologies for delivery of voice communications and multimedia sessions ove…
registration a process through which a person or entity provides some necessary information about himself to the company or other entity he/it wants to be registered with.
code-first a software implementation approach that favors programming against an API over other approaches that may rely more heavily on visual tools or require the presence of some external source…
ravendb an Open Source document database for the .NET/Windows platform
add-in a synonym for plugin - a program that is triggered by a host program allowing third party developers to manipulate or extend the hosting program.
derby Use this tag for questions about Apache Derby, an Apache DB subproject
remote-access the connection to a data processing system from a remote location.
facebook-opengraph The Open Graph Protocol enables you to integrate your Web pages into the social graph
main In many programming languages, the main function, subroutine, or method marks the entry point of the program
antlr4 Version 4 of ANother Tool for Language Recognition , a flexible lexer/parser generator
gif an image file format associated with file extension
digital-signature mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document
kohana HMVC PHP5 framework that provides a set of components for building web applications
ejs for EJS is a simple templating language that lets you generate HTML markup with plain JavaScript
igraph a free software package for creating and manipulating large undirected and directed graphs
conv-neural-network A convolutional neural network is a class of deep, feed-forward artificial neural networks that has successfully been applied to analyzing visual imagery.
viewcontroller a design pattern which is a hybrid of the view and controller components of the MVC architecture
private a way of encapsulation in object-oriented programming.
erb a simple templating system for Ruby, embedding code in any plain-text document
core-audio a low-level API for dealing with sound in Apple's macOS and iOS operating systems.
desktop-application An application that runs stand alone in a desktop or laptop computer
itunes Apple's proprietary digital media player application.
kerberos a single sign-on network authentication protocol designed to allow nodes, communicating over a non-secure network, to prove their identity to one another in a secure manner.
materialize An open-sourced, modern, responsive front-end framework based on Material Design
hiveql Variant of SQL used in the Apache Hive data warehouse infrastructure
where-clause A syntactic form in functional languages used to bind a value to a name in a local scope
android-mapview MapView allows you to create your own Google map-viewing Activity
show Methods for displaying additional or previously hidden visual components, particularly with regard to HTML.
android-drawable a general abstraction for
latitude-longitude Managing data about geographic point locations, using a latitude-longitude pair per point.
powerbi a self service analytics tool available at www.powerbi.com for free or integrated with Microsoft Excel, Office 365 and all major Databases and analytics tools.
primes integers greater than 1 which are divisible only by themselves and 1, i.e.: 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, ..
openlayers-3 the complete rewrite of the OpenLayers 2.x mapping library, targeting modern features of HTML5 and CSS3
sfml a portable and easy to use multimedia API written in C++
google-cloud-functions a lightweight, event-based, asynchronous compute solution that allows you to create small, single-purpose functions that respond to cloud events without the need to manage a …
shared-memory Memory that may be simultaneously accessed by multiple programs
omniauth a flexible authentication system for Ruby applications utilizing Rack middleware, such as Rails applications.
geojson an open format, based on JSON, for encoding geographic data.
ipython-notebook The IPython Notebook consists of two related components: An JSON based Notebook document format for recording and distributing Python code and rich text
log4j2 an upgrade to Log4j, a Java-based logging utility, that provides significant improvements over its predecessor, Log4j 1.x, and provides many of the improvements available in Logback while f…
centos7 Version 7 of CentOS Linux distribution
filestream In .NET framework filestream exposes a Stream around a file, supporting both synchronous and asynchronous read and write operations
kendo-asp.net-mvc Questions regarding server side wrappers enabling the use of Kendo UI widgets from C# or VB.
contacts Related to accessing contacts from contact-list or address book in mails, android, iphone, windows-phone or facebook.
py.test pytest: simple powerful no-boilerplate testing with Python Please use the `python` tag for questions tagged with `py.test`
vlookup an Excel function for retrieving a value from an array using a vertical lookup value and a positive column offset.
slick Slick acronym for Scala Language-Integrated Connection Kit, is a modern database query and access library for Scala by Lightbend.
indexoutofboundsexception An exception that occurs when you attempt to access an object that is outside the boundaries of the container
google-cloud-endpoints a technology developed by Google for use on Google App Engine to allow developers to develop and host APIs easily, and to generate strongly-typed client libraries for Java
scheduler a software component responsible for starting tasks at a given time
ksh an open source, POSIX-compatible shell language from AT&T based upon the original Bourne shell
mybatis a framework for mapping objects to relational databases with an emphasis on simplicity
ado a COM based package for accessing databases such as SQL Server or data sources such as Excel spreadsheets
android-tabhost Display a sub list of tab labels representing each page in the parent's tab collection.
android-permissions Permissions in the AndroidManifest.xml that allows an app to perform certain actions that are disallowed by default
category a grouping of information.
axapta one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
windows-authentication a term associated with Microsoft products that refers to the SPNEGO, Kerberos, and NTLM authentication protocols
datatemplate a feature of WPF that lets you completely redefine the way a control looks and acts.
daemon a process or program that runs in the background .
jcombobox a Java GUI object
transformation Generally means modifying the shape or appearance of objects while preserving the content
variadic-templates templates that take a variable number of parameters.
apache-storm a distributed realtime computation system
gmail-api Use the Gmail API to add Gmail features to your app
interrupt an asynchronous signal indicating the need for attention or a synchronous event in software indicating the need for a change in execution.
32bit-64bit Issues related to the use of a 64bit vs a 32bit architecture
acl An access control list , with respect to a computer file system, is a list of permissions attached to an object.
axis Don't use the instead
show-hide a user interface behavior used to visually indicate on and off states
jquery-ui-dialog The Dialog widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
access-token the last token acquired during the OAuth authentication process.
reportviewer The Microsoft ReportViewer control enables web and client applications that run on the .NET Framework to display reports designed using SQL Server Reporting Services .
python-3.6 Version of the Python programming language released in December 2016
blogger a blog-publishing service by Google
document Is a term that in computer science can refer to various file types containing information usually readable by a human.
captcha a type of challenge-response test used in computing as an attempt to ensure that the response is given by a human being and not generated by a computer.
hsqldb a relational database management system
mef The Managed Extensibility Framework simplifies the design of extensible and modular applications, and is a standard component of Microsoft .NET 4.0 and Silverlight 4.0
google-docs Questions related to interacting with Google word processing Documents programmatically
picturebox a control in the Windows Forms system that provides a way to display an image
web-hosting a service that provides clients with the ability to make their content web-accesible by renting server space in a company's data center.
nsfetchedresultscontroller used to efficiently manage the results returned from a Core Data fetch request to provide data usually for a UITableView or UICollectionView object
slim a RESTful micro framework for PHP 5 inspired by Sinatra.
file-get-contents the preferred way to read the contents of a file into a string
dropdown toggleable, contextual overlays for displaying lists of links and more.
uilocalnotification Local notifications and push notifications are both ways for an iOS application that isn’t running in the foreground to let its users know it has something for them.
kineticjs an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications.
responsive a tag to indicate a generic responsive website or web application programming or design topic
licensing ONLY FOR PROGRAMMING LICENSING SERVICES
jquery-datatables a plug-in for the jQuery JavaScript library
android-6.0-marshmallow Android Marshmallow, formerly known as just , is version 6.0 of Android, and began shipping in October 2015.
internet-explorer-6 an old version of Internet Explorer
freemarker a Java based template engine, a generic tool to generate text output based on templates
encode to convert some data to some representation
breakpoints an intentional stopping or pausing place in a program, put in place for debugging purposes.
pixel the smallest unit that can be represented or controlled on a display
router a device that forwards data packets across multiple networks
zxing an open-source, multi-format 1D/2D barcode image processing library implemented in Java, with ports to other languages
load-testing Load Testing: A type of performance testing conducted to evaluate the behavior of a component or system with increasing load, e.g
installshield InstallShield is a software tool for creating MSI installers or software packages
netsuite a vendor of business management SaaS
nsurlsession the API for HTTP connections introduced in iOS 7 and OS X 10.9.
actionmailer a framework for designing email service layers
firebase-storage Cloud Storage for Firebase gives developers robust, secure uploads and downloads from Firebase SDKs by handling network interrupts and providing an intuitive autho…
menuitem a child element of a menu that provides the user a means to view and execute a specific application operation.
title **DO NOT USE THIS TAG.** In programming languages, title can refer to the title of a figure or the title of an object.
ui-automation programmatic/scripted interaction with a graphical user interface, typically for the purpose of testing or accessibility assistance.
startup Startup usually refers to the processes or events that occur at the start of a program, at the beginning of execution of a code block, or when a device is first booted.
expect a Unix/Linux extension for the Tcl scripting language
browser-cache an instance of the optimization mechanism known as a cache
angular2-services for questions related to Angular 2 Services, which are JavaScript functions responsible for performing a single task.
microsoft-edge a new web browser released for Windows 10, installed alongside Internet Explorer 11
ironpython an open-source implementation of the Python programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework
common-table-expression a temporary result set that is defined within the execution scope of a single SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE, or CREATE VIEW statement.
git-branch the Git command that manages branches.
odoo-8 the software vendor of the Odoo Apps .
simulink an environment developed by The MathWorks for multidomain simulation and Model-Based Design for dynamic and embedded systems.
quicksort a sorting algorithm invented by C
jsf-2.2 the major JSF upgrade that's part of Java EE 7
uibarbuttonitem a button specialized for placement on a UIToolbar or UINavigationBar object
raspberry-pi3 The Raspberry Pi 3 has BCM2837 1.2 GHz 64-bit quad processor based on the ARMv8 Cortex A53
scalability the ability of a system, network, or process, to handle growing amount of work in a capable manner or its ability to be enlarged to accommodate that growth.
mouseover an event that occurs on an element when the user moves the cursor over that element
hierarchy For issues relating to creating, maintaining, or displaying a hierarchy of data or resources, etc.
cakephp-1.3 relates to the 1.3.x branch of CakePHP MVC framework.
social-networking a social structure made up of individuals called , which are tied by one or more specific types of interdependency, such as friendship, kinshi…
data-modeling Data modeling questions refer to the techniques used to gather and analyze data requirements needed to support data operations in programs and systems.
static-methods Methods that neither require an instance of the class nor can they implicitly access the data of such an instance.
saml Security Assertion Markup Language is a standard for logging users into applications based on their sessions in another context.
google-tag-manager a free Tag Manager solution for web or mobile
wysiwyg What You Get) describes editors for graphical design which commonly do not require knowledge of the code underlying the product
wav for questions related to the , WAVE, or wav for short.
ng-repeat part of the Angular.js API
record a data type with labels to access fields of the record.
highstock a JavaScript based charting library that lets you create timeline charts.
offset The relational position of an entity, when compared to another entity with fixed position
angularfire an officially supported AngularJS binding for Firebase which is a cloud database designed to power real-time, collaborative applications
openstack a collection of open source projects that enables an open, scalable cloud infrastructure
joomla3.0 the first in a series of short-term support releases of the Joomla platform
firefox-addon-sdk a set of tools and APIs that allow you to create Firefox add-ons using standard web technologies
axios an npm library for http requests from both browser and server.
soundcloud a social audio storage service and community
distribution concerns statistical distributions, their implementations, and properties.
auto-increment a database constraint that automatically increases from the last record when making an INSERT
communication the activity of conveying information.
pygtk the Python binding for the 2.x series of the GTK+ widget library.
opacity the degree to which a graphical object obscures objects which are rendered behind it.
networkx a Python package for the creation, manipulation, and study of the structure, dynamics, and functions of complex networks
bouncycastle a cryptography API providing various cryptography, encryption, and security protocols
atomic indivisible
mp4 a multimedia container format standard with the file extension .mp4
server-side The term , meaning the part of an application running locally on the user's own …
nan an abbreviation for
cpu-usage CPU usage indicate how much of a workload is being handled by the CPU.
messaging Messaging refers to the design pattern whereby discrete messages are used for communication between objects or processes
advanced-custom-fields a free WordPress plugin which acts as a GUI layer for custom fields
flot a pure JavaScript plotting library for jQuery with a focus on simple usage, attractive looks and interactive features
x509certificate the name of .NET and Java classes for handling X.509 certificates.
html-helper Refers to the `HtmlHelper` class for ASP.NET MVC views.
ehcache an open source, standards compliant Java-based cache used to boost performance, offload the database and simplify scalability.
bioinformatics only for programming-related questions related to Bioinformatics
scheduling the method by which threads, processes or data flows are given access to system resource.
reload the process of re-requesting and re-rendering the currently displayed page
heatmap a graphical representation of data where the individual values contained in a matrix are represented as colors.
symfony-forms a standalone library that can be used outside of Symfony projects.
appcompat The App Compat Support Library package contains several libraries that can be included in your application
keypress pressed while the control has focus.
dropbox-api The API for Dropbox, a file syncing, sharing, and backup service.
ssrs-2008-r2 Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services provides a server-based platform designed to support a wide variety of reporting needs enabling organizations to deliver relevant information where need…
clearcase a commercial CVCS , with: Decentralized option: ClearCase Multi-Site, with Vobs replication Network access to versioned data:…
lookup related to indexes and hash tables
moodle an open source learning management system written in PHP.
highlight is for questions involving the highlighting of text or other visual elements.
pyramid A Python-based web framework provided by the Pylons Project.
amazon-cloudfront a web service for content delivery
client-side The term client-s…
photoshop an industry-standard graphics creator/editor
nuget-package a Visual Studio extension that makes it easy to install and update open source libraries and tools in Visual Studio.
nvidia An American global technology company based in Santa Clara, California, best known for its graphics processors .
cdn A content delivery network or content distribution network is a system of computers containing copies of data placed at various nodes of a network.
ping a computer network administration utility used to test the reachability of a host on an Internet Protocol network and to measure the round-trip time for messages sent from the originating…
operator-keyword In several languages, the operator keyword is used to identify methods which will be used in operator overloading.
osx-mavericks the tenth release of OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
azure-cosmosdb a globally distributed database service designed to enable users to elastically and independently scale throughput and storage across any number of geographical regions with a compr…
react-native-android React-native-android: refers everything related to react-native Android development
nexus a Repository Manager for Maven, NuGet and other binary artifact repositories
loopbackjs an open source Node.js framework built on top of Express optimized for mobile, web, and other devices
basic-authentication a method for a web browser or other client program to provide a user name and password when making a request.
xcode4.2 The October 2011 release of Xcode, an integrated development environment developed by Apple Inc
identity An inherent property of an entity that distinguishes that entity from all others
boto an open-source Python Interface to Amazon Web Services
lotus-domino the server component of IBM Lotus Software Messaging and Collaboration offerings
unityscript A scripting language used by the Unity game engine
uisplitviewcontroller a container view controller that presents a master-detail interface
filepath File path, specifies a unique location in a file system.
delimiter a sequence of one or more characters used to specify the boundary between separate, independent regions in plain text or other data streams.
spring-cloud Spring Cloud provides tools to quickly build common patterns in distributed systems
resultset a set of rows from a database, which is usually generated by executing a statement that queries the database
graph-theory a mathematical structure that contains a collection of vertices or 'nodes' and a collection of edges that connect pairs of vertices
sandbox a security mechanism for containing untrusted programs
telnet an old protocol for bidirectional interactive text-oriented communication with remote hosts via virtual terminals
graph-algorithm a sequence of well-defined steps that will solve a problem related to Graph Theory, where a Graph in this context is a collection of vertices and edges that connect thes…
splash-screen a rectangular or full screen image which appears while a software product is loading
windows-10-universal a common platform for all devices running Windows 10
marklogic an enterprise NoSQL database
dao a design pattern in object-oriented software design, creating an object that provides an abstract interface to some type of database or other persistence mechanism.
material-ui React Components that Implement Google's Material Design
nservicebus a highly pluggable, reliable, open source Enterprise Service Bus built on .NET.
azure-functions an event driven, compute-on-demand experience that extends the existing Azure application platform with capabilities to implement code triggered by events occurring in Azure or thir…
drupal-modules add-ons for Drupal that allow you to extend, and customize Drupal functionality
connect an extensible HTTP server framework for node, created by Sencha Labs providing high performance known as middleware.
tumblr a microblogging platform that allows users to post text, images, videos, links, quotes and audio to their tumblelog, a short-form blog.
internet-explorer-10 the version of the Internet Explorer web browser from Microsoft, and the successor to Internet Explorer 9
resteasy A JBoss project that provides various frameworks to help build RESTful web services and Java applications
fedora an RPM-based, general purpose collection of software, including an operating system based on the Linux kernel, developed by the community-supported Fedora Project and sponsored by Red Hat.
wireshark a network capture and protocol analyzer tool
fstream fstream provides an iostream interface for file I/O in C++.
zend-form a class provided by the Zend Framework, an open source PHP 5 object oriented framework
amazon-rds Amazon Relational Database Service is a web service that makes it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud.
in-app-billing In-app Billing, a service provided by Android operating system.
paging A memory-management technique where a computer stores and retrieves data from secondary storage for use in main memory
distributed-computing utilizing more than one computer, connected to each other with a communication link to accomplish a common task.
plyr an R package with tools to solve a variety of problems using the split-apply-combine strategy
fiddler a web debugging proxy, which allows you to log, examine, modify and replay HTTP/HTTPS traffic from your computer.
innerhtml a DOM node's property that gets or sets the inner HTML code of an HTML element
picasso an open source powerful image caching and downloading library by Square.
bokeh a library for interactive visualization that targets modern web browsers for presentation, and high level languages such as Python, Scala, and R for us…
minify the practice of removing unnecessary characters from code to reduce its size, thus improving load times.
django-urls The Django URL dispatch system
jwplayer a web video player with support for HTML5 video and Flash video, free for non-commercial use with commercial and enterprise licenses available
actionscript-2 a scripting language used by the Adobe Flash software, introduced in Flash MX 2004.
python-sphinx a tool that makes it easy to create intelligent and beautiful documentation
ipv6 one of the fundamental protocols used for the Internet
uwsgi a fast, self-healing and developer/sysadmin-friendly application container server coded in pure C.
uitabbar a user interface element in Apple's iOS, which is a bar at the bottom of the screen and has images and/or text representing different views of an application.
nstableview An Apple object that displays data for a set of related records, with rows representing individual records and columns representing the attributes of those records.
cloudera a Palo Alto-based enterprise software company which provides Apache Hadoop-based software and services.
code-injection the general term for the result of a missing neutralization or improper neutralization of special elements of externally-influenced input, which could modify the syntax or behavior o…
pdfbox an open source Java tool for working with PDF documents
ioc-container In object oriented languages, an inversion of control container can be used for configuring and managing objects in an application.
gnu for programming questions related to software and tools provided by the GNU project.
google-cloud-firestore an auto-scaling real-time document database for storing, syncing, and querying data for mobile, web and server development.
contains used to determine if an entity collection contains an element with a particular property.
iostream an object-oriented library that provides input and output functionality using streams
vb.net-2010 The version of Visual Basic .NET used in Visual Studio/Visual Basic 2010
resolution Questions about image resolution.
h.264 H.264/MPEG-4 Part 10 or AVC is a standard for video compression
dependency-properties A property in WPF and Silverlight that supports databinding, including styles, inheritance, animation, and default values
sqoop an open source, Top-Level Apache project since March of 2012
raspbian a free Debian-based OS for the Raspberry-Pi computer
nsis NSIS is a professional open source system to create Windows installers
str-replace This function returns a string or an array with all occurrences of search in subject replaced with the given replace value.
web2py a open-source full-stack web framework written in Python 2.x.
development-environment an integrated set of programming tools, usually centered around a text editor.
mysql-python for questions about the MySQL-Python database connector library
velocity a Java-based template engine
sympy an open source Python library for symbolic mathematics.
jmx a standard Java API that enables the instrumentation and monitoring of a running Java program.
font-size A CSS property which sets the size of a font, as specified in one of several different units.
contenteditable an HTML attribute that is used for client-side in-browser editing.
sql-delete The SQL DELETE statement allows you to delete a single record or multiple records from a SQL table.
cloudfoundry an open platform as a service, providing a choice of clouds, developer frameworks and application services
tfs2012 Microsoft's Application Lifecycle Management product
optional An immutable type that may contain a value or reference
mailchimp MailChimp helps you design email newsletters, share them on social networks, integrate with services you already use, and track your results
aws-api-gateway a fully managed service that makes it easy for developers to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIs at any scale.
abstract a keyword shared by a multitude of object-oriented programming languages
compass-sass an open-source CSS Authoring Framework.
filereader `FileReader` can refer either to the `java.io.FileReader` class for reading files as text in a file system in Java, or to a similar class in JavaScript to access files on a local machine
google-apps Questions related to interacting with Google Apps services programmatically
ms-access-2013 Questions regarding the Microsoft Access 2013 database management system.
firewall OFF-TOPIC
simpledateformat a concrete Java class for formatting and parsing dates and times in a locale-sensitive manner
augmented-reality For question about real-time, 3D and interactive mix of real and virtual components
datastax big data platform consisting of open source tools such as Apache, Cassandra, Solr and Hadoop .
dapper a micro-ORM for .NET developed and used by the Stack Overflow team, focusing on raw performance as the primary aim.
fadein The fadeIn method gradually changes the opacity, for selected elements, from hidden to visible .
new-operator a language construct that dynamically allocates memory from free store and initialises the memory using the constructor.
model-binding a feature of ASP.NET MVC, and ASP.NET WebForms, that simplifies controller actions by using the request data to create strongly typed objects.
osx-yosemite the eleventh release of OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
angular5 Questions about Angular version 5, the web framework from Google
lazy-evaluation Lazy evaluation refers to a variety of concepts that seek to avoid evaluation of an expression unless its value is needed, and to share the results of evaluation of an expression among all uses of it…
statusbar an area typically found at the bottom of Graphical User Interfaces that provide information about the computer, the application or other applications.
windows-phone-7.1 the version number of the OS and developer SDK for Windows Phone .
exc-bad-access a fatal error related to memory management on macOS and iOS.
chromium the open source web browser project from which Google Chrome draws its source code.
azure-service-fabric a distributed systems platform used to build scalable, reliable, and easily-managed applications for the cloud
jersey-2.0 the open source, early access JAX-RS 2.0 reference implementation for building RESTful Web services
wcf-data-services This technology uses the OData protocol to transport data over the Internet using REST-ful paradigms
rdbms A relational database management system is a database management system in which data is stored in tables and the relationships among the data are also stored in tables.
birt For questions about Eclipse BIRT which is an open source reporting system that integrates with your Java/Java EE application to produce compelling reports.
ibeacon Bluetooth Low Energy transmitters that notify nearby receivers, such as a smart phone, of their presence for the purposes of proximity sensing
ghc a state-of-the-art, open source compiler and interactive environment for the functional language Haskell
android-resources Android resources - framework for providing different layouts or strings for android projects.
ads an abbreviation for Advertisements.
gunicorn a Python WSGI HTTP Server for UNIX
shape Defines the boundaries of a visual respresentation.
mathematical-optimization Mathematical optimization deals with maximizing or minimizing an objective function by choosing values from within an allowed feasible set of possible values
middleware computer software that provides services to software applications beyond those available from the operating system
binaryfiles a computer file which may contain any type of data, encoded in binary form for computer storage and processing purposes.
rpc an approach to interprocessor or distributed communication wherein a set of services or procedures are exposed to remote clients
computational-geometry is a branch of computer science devoted to the study of algorithms which can be stated in terms of geometry.
gtk3 The GIMP ToolKit in its version 3.x
tostring a major formatting method or function used in high level programming languages
mean The arithmetic mean is the central tendency of a collection of numbers
bitwise-operators used to perform manipulation at bit-level.The programming languages are Byte oriented whereas the hardware is bit oriented.Therefore, being able to operate on bit level can be very…
angular-material2 an implementation of Material Design in Angular 2/4/5
reshape In R, Matlab and Numpy, reshape functions allow data to be transformed into more convenient forms.
sync a synonym for Synchronization, which refers to using controls to maintain a coherent representation, either a group of processes running the same program , or represen…
tabcontrol a control in graphical user interface which contains multiple tab items that share the same space on the screen.
instantiation the process of creating objects from a class in most object oriented and object based languages
artifactory a binary repository manager for use by Maven, Gradle, Ivy, etc
vlc a free and open source cross-platform multimedia player and framework that plays most multimedia files as well as DVD, Audio CD, VCD, and various streaming protocols.
tomcat8 Version 8.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
msmq a message queuing implementation developed by Microsoft and deployed as part of its Windows platform since 1996
tomcat6 Version 6.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
web.xml the web deployment descriptor file of Java Servlet based web applications
core-plot an open source plotting framework for macOS, iOS, and tvOS.
git-merge a git command which integrates changes from another branch by incorporating commits into the currently checked-out branch.
jestjs a JavaScript unit testing framework made by Facebook that's based on Jasmine and provides automated mock creation, and a jsdom environment
uuid an identifier that is created with the intent of being, as the name suggests, universally unique.
pie-chart a circular representation of data divided into sections by the drawing of radii.
angular-ui-grid a datagrid written in AngularJS by the AngularUI Team
multiple-inheritance A feature of some object-oriented computer programming languages in which a class can inherit behaviors and features from more than one superclass or base class.
instagram-api The Instagram API enables the integration of Instagram's photos\videos content and functionality into a website, application or a device
code-signing the process of digitally signing executables and scripts to confirm the software author and guarantee that the code has not been altered or corrupted since it was signed by use of a cr…
content-type The Content-Type entity-header field indicates the media type of the entity-body sent to the recipient or, in the case of the HEAD method, the media type that would have been sent had the request been…
amazon-cloudformation For questions about CloudFormation, part of the Amazon Web Services that provides a way to manage a collection of related AWS resources.
eigen a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, and related algorithms.
winsock In computing, the Windows Sockets API , which was later shortened to Winsock, is a technical specification that defines how Windows network software should access network services, especially TCP…
virtualization the creation of a virtual version of something, such as a hardware platform, operating system, a storage device or network resources
silverstripe a free and open source PHP web development framework and Content Management System based on the eponymous SilverStripe Framework.
future A placeholder for the result of a calculation before the calculation has completed
ejabberd a Jabber/XMPP instant messaging server, licensed under GPLv2 , written in Erlang/OTP
product a good that can be bought or sold
jsx an open source programming language, or an AltJS with classes and static types
directshow The Microsoft DirectShow application programming interface is a media-streaming architecture for Microsoft Windows
java-ee-6 for questions relating specifically to Java Enterprise Edition 6.
tokenize the act of splitting a string into discrete elements called tokens.
k-means In statistics and data mining, k-means clustering is a method of cluster analysis which aims to partition n observations into k clusters in which each observation belongs to the cluster with the neare…
tracking considered too generic
gpgpu an acronym for the field of computer science known as
core-bluetooth a framework for iOS and Mac OS X to interact with Bluetooth Low Energy accessories.
pascal an imperative language from the Wirthian family created in 1969
spatial Spatial data types store geometric data, that is data related to an object's position in space.
opengraph Facebook's Graph API allows websites to draw information about more objects than simply people, including photos, events, and pages, and their relationships between each other
remote-debugging the process of running a debug session in a local development environment attached to a remotely deployed application.
asp.net-core-2.0 for specific questions on ASP.NET Core version 2, otherwise use
exit Exiting, quitting, or halting refers to the termination of a process or program.
getjson Load JSON-encoded data from the server using a GET HTTP request.
angular-promise Angular's $q promises provide a powerful abstraction over flow control
cart a web app used to shop online
jstree a JavaScript-based, cross-browser tree component packaged as a jQuery plugin.
pyinstaller a multi-platform tool designed to convert Python files into stand-alone executable files in Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X, Solaris, and AIX.
compiler-warnings Messages emitted by a compiler which indicate potential problems in code or configuration.
publish-subscribe a messaging pattern where senders of messages do not program the messages to be sent directly to specific receivers
selenium-ide The Selenium-IDE is the tool you use to develop your Selenium test cases
portlet Java-technology-based web component, managed by a portlet container that processes requests and generates dynamic content.
autowired a DI container feature where the dependencies are automatically looked for according to some criteria.
mongodb-.net-driver The official MongoDB .NET Driver provides asynchronous interaction with MongoDB.
foreign-key-relationship In the context of relational databases, a foreign key is a referential constraint between two tables
stack-trace A report of the active stack frames at a certain point in time during the execution of a program.
desktop an interface metaphor which is a set of unifying concepts used by graphical user interfaces to help users more easily interact with the computer.
apache-httpclient-4.x A Java HTTP client library
psycopg2 a PostgreSQL adapter for Python programming language
xml-namespaces According to the standard, "XML namespaces provide a simple method for qualifying element and attribute names used in Extensible Markup Language documents by associating them with namespaces identifie…
bison the GNU parser generator
es6-promise an ECMAScript 2015 object that represents an in-progress asynchronous operation
logcat the command to view and filter information from the Android logging system, but more often the name is used as a synonym for the Android logging system itself.
archive A location or file that stores other files or data, normally accompanied by compression, encryption, sorting or organizing.
user-agent a piece of software that acts on behalf of a user
video-capture Questions related to computer oriented video capture and the programming tools and solutions for dealing with captured frames from a video.
opera a series of web browsers developed by Opera Software AS
django-orm Django's ORM system, comprising its queryset and model systems.
v8 Google's open source JavaScript engine.
bufferedimage used to read and manipulate images and assist in double-buffering in desktop GUI applications.
keyword special words used as identifiers by a language
soa SOA stands for Service-Oriented Architecture, a flexible set of design principles that allow multiple separate systems from several business domains to interoperate.
photo A picture created by projecting an image onto a photosensitive surface such as a chemically treated plate or film, CCD receptor, etc.
facelets an XML-based view technology for the JavaServer Faces framework
tar An archiving program for storing and retrieving files as a collection with support for data compression.
audio-streaming The process of delivering audio from a server to a client, different from the download in that the client is able to hear audio while it's being downloaded.
variadic-functions variadic if it can accept a variable number of arguments; that is, its arity is not fixed
long-integer an integer number, typically twice the size of a standard integer
git-submodules Submodules allow you to keep a Git repository as a subdirectory of another Git repository.
esb a software architecture construct which provides fundamental services for complex architectures via an event-driven and standards-based messaging engine
ibm-midrange a proprietary platform from IBM, which runs on their Power Systems and Pure Systems, and contains a DB2 database integrated into the IBM i OS.
uipageviewcontroller an iOS container view controller that manages the display one of one or more content view controllers
date-format a Java Standard Edition library class which provides utility methods to parse and format dates.
liquid an open-source template language created by Shopify and written in Ruby
colorbox A light-weight, customizable lightbox plugin for jQuery 1.3.2+.
javac the primary Java compiler, included in the Java Development Kit from Sun Microsystems , and also in versions from other vendors.
sudo an abbreviation for
keystore a repository of security certificates, either authorization certificates or public key certificates
snmp Simple Network Management Protocol is an Internet-standard protocol for managing devices on IP networks and consists of operations for data retrieval, modification and notification
nested-forms A form within another form, often in the ruby-on-rails environment.
dependency-management The management of dependencies, for example third party libraries, that are used by a software project.
abstract-syntax-tree Abstract syntax trees represent the recursive structure of a formal document .
video-processing Video processing deals mostly with filtering video frames
jtextarea a multi-line area that displays plain text.
android-contacts Content related to Android's Contacts APIs
intervals used to measure “distance” between values.
rally Technical questions about coding to Rally Software's various APIs including the App SDK, various rest toolkits , and Web Service API.
circle has been deprecated
yui A set of utilities and controls, created by Yahoo in JavaScript and CSS, for building richly interactive web applications using techniques such as DOM scripting, DHTML and AJAX
saml-2.0 Security Assertion Markup Language 2.0 is a standard providing means to exchange authentication and authorization data between security domains
iot related to programming questions that have something to do with the Internet of Things
nvd3.js a library of re-usable charts and chart components for D3.js.
sonata-admin a Symfony bundle to generate robust user friendly administration interfaces.
rsync OFF-TOPIC
blender the free open source 3D content creation suite, available for all major operating systems under the GNU General Public License
videoview a specific API provided by Android SDK.
npm-install a command in the npm CLI that searches for and installs a specified package from an npm repository.
send is a generic tag for communication between programmed elements using some protocol.
aptana a free, open-source application designed to edit and debug HTML, JavaScript, CSS, Ruby, PHP and Python web apps.
react-jsx a JavaScript XML syntax transform recommended for use with React.
scaling Scaling refers to the image manipulation function of re-sizing an image
github-pages static web pages hosted on GitHub.
facebook-c#-sdk The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.
titanium-mobile A JavaScript-based platform to develop native, hybrid and mobile web applications from a single codebase.
parallax An effect that causes the position or direction of an object to appear to change when viewed from different positions, e.g., through the viewfinder and the lens of a camera
python-2.x For issues related to development in Python, version 2.x.
hybrid-mobile-app an web application built with web technologies that is then in native device code to extend the functionality and availability of the app.
database-performance Questions about database performance and tuning, ranging from files organization and configuration to benchmarking and system optimization, passing through management systems and the fastest ways to o…
ld The ld program combines object files, archive files and shared libraries, relocates their data and addresses together with symbol references
icalendar a widely-used data format for representing and exchanging calendaring and scheduling information independent of any particular calendar service or protocol.
configuration-files Files that configure the initial settings for some computer programs.
jena an open-source Java library for processing RDF data in semantic web and linked-data applications
argparse A Python module for implementing command-line interfaces
patch a piece of software designed to fix problems with, or update a computer program or its supporting data
noclassdeffounderror The Java Error thrown if the Java Virtual Machine or a ClassLoader instance tries to load in the definition of a class
seaborn a Python visualization library based on matplotlib
office-js the new JavaScript extensibility model for Microsoft Office client applications
fpga a chip that is configured by the customer after manufacturing—hence .
game-center The inner workings and use of Apple's GameCenter API in your apps.
lamp LAMP refers to a stack of web technologies based on Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP/Perl/Python.
tcpclient .NET Framework class, providing client connections for TCP network services.
android-espresso a library which is used to write Android UI tests
sensor Sensors convert physical stimuli into signals, which can be sampled by other subsystems
wsgi a python standard Web Server Gateway Interface
servlet-filters In the Servlet API, you normally use a Servlet when you want to control, preprocess and/or postprocess specific requests
extjs4.1 The April 2012 release of the popular JavaScript framework Ext JS
android-fragmentactivity An Activity subclass introduced through the compatibility package to provide an implementation of the Fragment framework on version below Honeycomb.
roslyn Roslyn provides open-source C# and Visual Basic compilers with rich code analysis APIs
apache-spark-mllib a machine learning library for Apache Spark
hidden Hidden could refer to a style value in CSS for the visibility property, a selector in jQuery, a possible value for the type attribute of an input or to an `HTML5` attribute.
reset Resetting something restores it to a default position or value, or to a previous position or value
distributed Multiple computers working together, using a network to communicate
meta-tags The HTML meta element provides a means to add various kinds of metadata to an HTML document.
frequency found.
mysqldump A command-line interface for administrators or end users to export data from the server to files
nav new HTML5 element which defines a section of navigation links.
correlation For questions regarding interdependence of variable quantities.
semantic-ui a development framework for creating responsive layouts using human-friendly HTML and Javascript.
number-formatting the process of converting a numeric value into a string suitable for display
data-warehouse a database specifically structured/designed to aid in querying, analyzing and reporting of current and historical data
z3 a high-performance theorem prover being developed at Microsoft Research.
do-while A do while loop, sometimes just called a do loop, is a control flow statement that allows code to be executed repeatedly based on a given Boolean condition.
amqp an open messaging standard
gitignore a file which lists files, directories and/or path patterns that Git should not include as part of a repository.
google-cloud-dataflow a fully managed cloud service for creating and evaluating data processing pipelines at scale
windows-server-2008-r2 a server operating system produced by Microsoft.
windows-7-x64 for questions specifically about the x64 version of Windows 7.
compiler-optimization Compiler optimization involves adapting a compiler to reduce run-time or object size or both
ansible-playbook Ansible’s configuration, deployment, and orchestration language
facebook-android-sdk The Facebook SDK for Android helps Android app developer implement Facebook functionality into their Android apps
free a function to deallocate memory obtained from malloc and other functions in C
mask a bitmap that specifies an area to paint, but not the color
putty an open source SSH and Telnet client
offline Refers to the status of being unable to connect to a network; in most situations, this is specifically referring to the Internet.
apple-watch a smartwatch that was announced by Apple on September 9, 2014, with first deliveries in April 2015
assert a statement, which aborts a program when it evaluates to false
talend an open source integration vendor that provides software for data integration, data quality, master data management, big data, business process management and service-oriented architecture
jquery-ui-autocomplete Autocomplete widget from jQuery-ui which enables users to quickly find and select from a pre-populated list of values as they type, leveraging searching and filtering.
git-svn a bidirectional bridge between git and Subversion allowing to use a remote Subversion repository as a local Git repository while still be able to send changes back to Subversion.
classnotfoundexception The Java exception thrown when an application tries to load a class by name but is not able to find the class.
hadoop2 Hadoop 2 represents the second generation of the very popular open source distributed platform Apache Hadoop.
symlink A special type of file that contains a reference to another file or directory
flash-cs5 part of Adobe's Creative Suite released on 30 April 2010
shopping-cart Shopping cart systems for e-businesses such as online shops.
wso2is WSO2 Identity Server enables enterprise architects and developers to improve customer experience by reducing identity provisioning time, guaranteeing secure online interactions, and delivering a reduc…
dropzone.js An open-source javascript library which provides drag-and-drop file uploads with image previews
android-source Questions about the source code and building of Android itself, contributing to the Android project, Android kernel development and porting
vpn a network that uses primarily public telecommunication infrastructure, such as the Internet, to provide remote offices or travelling users access to a central organi…
graphviz Graphviz, developed by AT&T Research Labs, is the leading application for layout and drawing of graphs
sitemap a easy way for webmasters to inform search engines about pages on their sites that are available for crawling
text-editor a type of program used for editing text files
bulkinsert Act of inserting multiple rows into a database simultaneously.
redmine a flexible project management web application
roles In various access control systems, roles define a group of users and organize permissions into a more manageable structure.
emgucv a cross-platform .NET wrapper to the OpenCV image processing library
min Minimum value
liquibase an open source, database-independent library for tracking, managing and applying database changes
terminology Used when a question asks for clarification regarding programming terms.
traits a collection of methods, used as a
tcpdf a PHP class created by Nicola Asuni for generating PDF documents without requiring external extensions
fastcgi a protocol for interfacing interactive programs with a web server
rspec-rails an extension of the RSpec testing framework that provides support for testing Ruby on Rails applications.
arcgis a platform consisting of a group of geographic information system software products produced by Esri
wkhtmltopdf A shell utility to convert HTML to PDF using the Webkit rendering engine and Qt.
tablesorter a jQuery plugin for turning a standard HTML table with THEAD and TBODY tags into a sortable table without page refreshes.
facebook-ios-sdk Facebook's SDK for developing Facebook-connected applications for iOS devices
email-attachments file that are sent along with an email.
executable-jar A special type of jar file which contains all non-standard libraries and definitions necessary to run an application on a JVM.
oracle12c an RDBMS product
lapply a function in R that returns a list of the same length as given argument X, each element of which is the result of applying given function to the corresponding element of X
addeventlistener a DOM event method that adds an event listener to a given DOM node
heap-memory process memory set aside for dynamic allocation.
procedure a subroutine that does not return a value
code-behind Code-behind refers to code for your UI contained within a separate class file
minecraft A voxel-based sandbox game coded in Java by Mojang where players place and destroy blocks to gain armor, weapons and tools in a randomly generated world
coded-ui-tests automated User Interface tests that can be created with Visual Studio to test different kinds of user interfaces, allowing for verification of user application functionality.
oracle-adf an end-to-end Java EE framework that simplifies application development by providing out of the box infrastructure services and a visual and declarative development experience.
laravel-5.5 a previous version, but the current LTS version, of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell
multi-tenant A principle in software architecture where a single instance of the software runs on a server, serving multiple client organizations .
drupal-views a Drupal module that allows creating lists of content with a flexible query builder.
project-management OFF-TOPIC
copy-constructor a constructor that creates a new object that is a clone of an existing object
directive A concept of 'command' used by many programming languages and frameworks
relative-path URI or directory links to resources that refer to a location relative to the current path.
progressdialog An Android dialog that displays a progress wheel or progress bar
vi a family of text mode-oriented text editors.
bit a single binary digit.
build-automation the act of scripting or automating tasks like compiling, packaging, running tests, deployment etc.
comparator A Common interface to create an object that specifies the way of comparing other objects.
owl a vocabulary for creating schemas , i.e
prestashop-1.6 a popular version of the free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL
lucene.net a source code, class-per-class, API-per-API, algorithmic port of the Java Lucene search engine to the C# and .NET platform utilizing the Microsoft .NET Framework and .NET Standard.
bluebird a fully featured promise library for client and server JavaScript with focus on innovative features and performance.
iis-express the developer version of full IIS that doesn't require Administrator rights to run
wso2-am a complete solution for designing and publishing APIs, creating and managing a developer community, and for scalably routing API traffic.
partitioning a performance strategy whereby you divide possibly very large groups of data into some number of smaller groups of data.
android-wifi related to Wifi related questions on Android mobile devices
glut a utility library for OpenGL applications to put the platform-dependent details under one …
graph-databases A graph database uses graph structures with nodes, edges, and properties to represent and store information.
rpm a package management system for unix based operating systems.
onload a JavaScript event that is run when a document is loaded.
uipopovercontroller used to manage the presentation of content in a popover
setuptools Setuptools builds on Python’s distutils to provide easier building, distribution, and installation of libraries and applications.
jqplot a plotting and charting plugin built on top of jQuery
phalcon an open source, full stack framework for PHP
webpack-dev-server a Node.js based server that supports live reloading and is used for development of webpack powered applications.
core A core dump file contains an image of a process's memory, usually produced during a crash
soap-client An application that calls upon a SOAP server.
docx the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Word 2007 or higher.
xcode4.5 A version of Xcode released Sep
winjs The Windows Library for JavaScript is a JavaScript library that can be used with any HTML, CSS, and JavaScript project on any platform including web sites, native apps, and hybrid apps
instruments Instruments usually refers to the performance analysis developer tool provided by Apple for Mac and iOS development.
logout The process of terminating an authenticated session.
bytecode a blanket term for opcodes that are consumed by a virtual machine
php-7 the successor to PHP 5.6, it was released on December 3, 2015
actor Programming model distinguished by ubiquitous asynchronous communication.
mvp a derivative of the model-view-controller software pattern, used mostly for building user interfaces.
feed a data format used for providing users with frequently updated content.
nest a .NET client for elasticsearch
sidekiq a background processing framework for Ruby.
nsattributedstring NSAttributedString objects manage character strings and associated sets of attributes that apply to individual characters or ranges of characters in the string
binary-search an efficient algorithm for finding an element in a sorted array
qtquick2 a modern user interface technology that separates the declarative UI design and the imperative programming logic
matching For questions related to pattern matching, using character sequences or tree structures
access for Microsoft Access, use instead
firebase-security The Firebase Security API uses a flexible authentication system and an expression-based rules language to provide a very flexible security model.
text-mining a process of deriving high-quality information from unstructured information.
smart-pointers An abstract data type that simulates a pointer while providing additional features, such as automatic garbage collection or bounds checking
angularfire2 the officially supported Angular binding for Firebase
chromecast Questions related to Google's Chromecast device, a dongle that provides hi-definition audio/video on TVs via wifi streaming.
imagebutton a button that displays an image, regardless of platform
expression-trees an abstract representation of code in a tree structure where each node of the tree represents a programming construct
guid a unique reference number used as an identifier in computer software.
tk a scripted GUI toolkit that is designed to be used from dynamic languages .
inner-classes In object-oriented programming , an inner class or nested class is a class declared entirely within the body of another class or interface
microsoft-dynamics a line of ERP and CRM applications
dllimport for questions about importing functions, data or objects from DLLs .
telegram a cross-platform cloud-based instant messenger with a focus on security
getelementbyid an essential method commonly used in JavaScript in the browser to retrieve a particular element node in a HTML or XML document by its ID.
key-value a set of two linked data items: a key which uniquely identifies some item of data, and the value, which is either the data that is identified or a pointer to the location of that d…
searchview is an Android GUI widget that provides a user interface for the user to enter a search query and submit a request to a search provider
rcpp Rcpp provides seamless integration of C++ code in R.
structuremap a Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control tool for .NET licensed under Apache 2
popen a way to communicate with subprocesses using a file-like interface
jlist a Java Swing component that displays a list of objects and allows the user to select one or more items
java-web-start the Oracle technology used to launch rich client desktop applications directly from a network or internet link
watir-webdriver Watir implementation built on WebDriver's Ruby bindings
swap Changing position of two items.
sse SSE was the first of many similarly-named vector extensions to the x86 instruction set
barcode-scanner an electronic device for reading printed barcodes
arabic is for issues relating to displaying user interfaces and managing data in Arabic written language.
implementation in the process of removal
priority-queue a regular queue or stack data structure, but where additionally each element has a associated with it.
pcre Perl Compatible Regular Expressions: regular expressions similar to those understood by Perl, implemented by PCRE library that offers them to other programs
digital-ocean a cloud-hosting provider for deploying an SSD cloud server.
fatal-error An error that causes a program to abort, regardless of the programming language.
pipeline a sequence of functions , composed so that the output of one is good input for the next, in order to create compound transformation
runnable The Runnable interface defines a single method, run, meant to contain the code executed in the thread.
spring-aop the Spring Framework's version of AOP, implemented in pure Java and using the @AspectJ annotations from the AspectJ project
caliburn.micro A small, yet powerful framework, designed for building applications across all XAML platforms
drag In computer graphical user interfaces, drag is the first phase of a drag-and-drop operation
iron-router A Meteor smart package for client and server side routing in Meteor.
preg-match-all A PHP function that performs a global regular expression match using PCRE patterns.
oozie a workflow/coordination system to manage Hadoop Map Reduce jobs
yii2-advanced-app a skeleton Yii 2 application best for developing complex Web applications with multiple tiers
android-button A button consists of text or an icon that communicates what action occurs when the user touches it
avd a virtual instance of the target device which can be run in the Android emulator for simulation.
c++17 the name of the C++ standard approved in 2017
dry Don't Repeat Yourself, a software development philosophy which aims at reducing redundancy and code repetition
audio-recording Questions related to audio recording in applications
dynamic-sql a technique using SQL whose main difference from traditional SQL is that Dynamic SQL allows to build SQL statements dynamically at runtime, which eases the a…
psql Primary interactive shell for PostgreSQL
sql-server-2016 for questions specific to the 2016 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.
countdown refers to the process of counting down
informix an SQL-based object-relational, OLTP/OLAP, NoSQL DBMS produced by IBM
maya a 3D modeling, animation and rendering tool used in film, TV and advertising
wkwebview A WKWebView object displays interactive web content
break a flow-control feature provided by most programming languages that allows for an early exit from a loop; once a break statement is reached, its enclosing loop is immediately exite…
tfs2013 Microsoft's Application Lifecycle Management product
thrift a software framework for scalable cross-platform, cross-language services development available from Apache.
youtube-data-api YouTube Data API used for getting details of YouTube contents like Playlist, Playlistitems and video's details! You need to generate a YouTube Data API Developer Key to access the content available o…
python-multiprocessing a package that supports spawning processes using an API similar to the threading module in python programming language.
categories grouping of information.
workflow-foundation-4 Microsoft's framework for declarative composable business logic for .NET.
rtsp a network control protocol designed for use in entertainment and communications systems to control streaming media servers.
jobs a process executing in the background, or scheduled for later execution
interpreter a program that executes, i.e
system-verilog a unified hardware design, specification, and verification language based on extensions to Verilog.
angular-routing The ngRoute module provides routing and deeplinking services and directives for angular apps.
xlsx the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Excel 2007 or higher.
anonymous-function Anonymous functions use a block of code as a value, defining it as an inline function without a name.
interceptor The interceptor design pattern allows logic to be before, during or after the execution of a piece of code, such as a method.
explode a PHP function that splits a string based on a delimiter, returning an array.
laravel-routing Routing in Laravel Framework's MVC implementation
trigonometry a branch of mathematics that studies triangles and the relationships between their sides and the angles between sides
joptionpane a Java class that makes it easy to pop up a standard dialog box that prompts users for a value or informs them of something.
nslayoutconstraint a constraint defines a relationship between two of user interface objects that must be satisfied by the constraint-based layout system
curve-fitting Fitting 1-D curve to data points, minimizing pre-defined error/loss function.
apache-flink an open source platform for scalable batch and stream data processing
sax an event-based way of reading XML data from a document.
popover a GUI element visually similar to a popup, except a popover is part of the page from which it is drawn, even though it might obscure part of it.
freebsd an advanced Unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
gdi a device-independent, pure software graphics API under the Windows operating system for drawing graphic primitives and text
importerror Refers to errors that result from attempting to import a module or library into one's code
intersection a term that relates to descriptive geometry and functions
deprecated a status applied to software features or language terms to indicate that they should be avoided, typically because they have been superseded.
dbcontext The DbContext API first shipped with Entity Framework version 4.1 and provides a more productive surface for working with the Entity Framework and can be used with the Code First, Database First, and …
autoit a freeware BASIC-like scripting language designed for automating the Windows GUI and general scripting.
glassfish-3 an open source, production-ready, Java EE-compatible application server.
tastypie a reusable Django App and is suitable for providing an API to any application without having to modify the sources of that app.
var a keyword in a number of programming languages.
option ambiguous and not helpful.
transparent A GUI technique for trapping user actions across multiple elements by using an overlaying, but transparent, GUI object.
aggregation a relationship between two classes that is best described as a relationship.
abap the programming language of the SAP R/3 system.
fpdf A PHP class which allows developers to generate PDF files with pure PHP instead of the PDFlib library.
space too ambigous, instead please use a more specific tag like letter-spacing , whitespace , margin , layout or a pl…
google-cloud-sql a service that allows you to create, configure, and use relational databases that live in Google's cloud
android-theme a style applied to an entire Android application or Activity, rather than an individual View
postgresql-9.1 for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.1.
image-resizing the downscaling or upscaling of an image
sinon a mocking framework for JavaScript, which can create spies, stubs and mocks.
spring-data-mongodb part of Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabiliti…
trim Trimming refers to the manipulation of a text string to remove leading and/or trailing whitespace .
github-api retrieve information about data on GitHub.
pear a repository of PHP software code, designed to offer some functionality not built into PHP core
matrix-multiplication Questions related to matrix multiplication, especially implementation
boto3 Boto 3 - The Amazon Web Services SDK for Python
slide An UI effect where an element or group of elements move over a surface while maintaining smooth continuous contact.
mustache a templating language available in a range of languages.
org-mode an Emacs mode for keeping notes, maintaining ToDo lists, doing project planning, and authoring with a fast and effective plain-text system.
android-preferences An instance of the class Preferences represents one node in a preference tree, which provides a mechanism to store and access configuration data in a hierarchical way.
dispose Performs application-defined tasks associated with freeing, releasing, or resetting unmanaged resources
angular2-directives Use for questions about Angular 2+ directives
mergesort an O worst-case comparison-based stable sorting algorithm.
masm Microsoft's Macro Assembler tool for converting assembly language to object code
fixed Prefer
session-state Session-state allows the retrieval of values for a given user as that user navigates through a website
concat Refers to the joining of two or more tokens into a single token
datetime-format a transformation of a timestamp from an industry standard format, such as UTC or ISO, to a format which conforms to the standards of a particular locale or audience
quotes Computer programming languages' facility for embedding text in source code, also known as String literals
readfile a Windows API function to read data from the specified file or input/output device
netbeans-7 a platform development framework and an open-source IDE for Java, JavaScript, PHP, etc
sql-like used to search for a specified pattern in a column
iad a mobile advertising platform developed by Apple Inc
nullable is for issues relating to nullable members or types.
google-signin Google Sign-In allows users to sign in to your application with their Google accounts
infragistics a company that specializes in User Interface controls and components for many different technologies and platforms like .NET, ASP.NET, Windows Forms, WPF, Silverlight, jQuery, Ang…
varnish an open source reverse HTTP proxy with extensive caching abilities, i.e
spyder a powerful interactive development environment for the Python language with advanced editing, interactive testing, debugging and introspection features
code-analysis the process of analyzing the code of the application to discover, review, validate or verify certain properties of the application
jquery-ui-draggable The jQuery UI Draggable plugin makes selected elements draggable with mouse movement.
css-transforms CSS transforms allow elements styled with CSS to be transformed in two-dimensional or three-dimensional space
hashset A HashSet encapsulates operations that allow for the comparison of elements in collections
stringbuilder a class that provides a convenient and efficient way of working with text data in Java and .NET framework.
webpack-2 Version 2 of the Webpack bundler
zlib a library used for data compression
avr AVR refers to two families of either 8- or 32-bit RISC microcontrollers
centering the act of placing something at the midpoint of a space.
lstm Long Short Term Memory
spree a complete open source e-commerce solution for Ruby on Rails, freely available for commercial use under the terms of the New BSD License.
windows-vista an operating system released in several variations developed by Microsoft for use on personal computers, including home and business desktops, laptops, tablet PCs, and media center PC…
urlencode To “URL encode” or “percent encode” text means to encode it for use in a URL
sdl-2 For questions and issues regarding Simple DirectMedia Layer 2
macos-sierra The thirteenth release of Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers
html-form basic forms that can be used for user input within a web page.
baseadapter an abstract Android adapter class which is used to implement specialized adapters.
random-forest In learning algorithms and statistical classification, a random forest is a classifier that consists in many decision trees
jquery-autocomplete Enhances input element to quickly select a value from a list or add your own
tweepy An easy-to-use Python library for accessing the Twitter API
enterprise-library a collection of application blocks and core infrastructure designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges such as logging, validation, data…
clojurescript a dialect of Clojure that compiles to JavaScript.
node-modules Node has a simple module loading system that reduces complexity of applications and promotes code reusability.
gesture a specific pattern of touch, cursor, or physical movement that may be recognized by an application to perform a specific task.
iis-8 Internet Information Services Version 8 is a web server and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows, and shipped with WIndows 8 and Windows Server …
sendgrid Cloud-based email infrastructure and delivery engine, with integration via SMTP and HTTP API
google-spreadsheet-api The Google Spreadsheets data API allows client applications to view and update Spreadsheets content in the form of Google data API feeds
c#-2.0 For issues unique to development in C#, version 2.0
gfortran the GNU Fortran compiler, part of GCC
ghostscript a suite of software based on an interpreter for Adobe Systems' PostScript and Portable Document Format page description languages.
rx-java2 anything related to RxJava2 – The new implementation of the RxJava Reactive Extensions for the JVM – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Ja…
web-parts an ASP.NET server control which is added to a Web Part Zone on Web Part Pages by users at run time
ifstream ifstream provides an interface to read data from files as input streams.
nsurl a class from Foundation.framework in Apple MacOS and iOS
google-glass a project to create a commercially-viable, next-generation wearable smart device in the form of a pair of glasses featuring a head-mounted display
css-tables instead of just for questions about styling HTML <table> elements with CSS, or about using the CSS display:table property declaration to define an element's layout to mimic that of …
encapsulation In OOP, mechanism for restricting access to some of the object's components or a design principle encouraging decoupling from implementation details.
com-interop the layer that allows .NET assemblies to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries.
grid-layout used to align content into columns and fields
uisegmentedcontrol a class from UIKit in Apple iOS framework
scatter-plot a type of data visualization that reveals possible correlations between two variables
tablet This refers to tablet personal computers
p2p Peer-to-peer computing or networking is a distributed application architecture that partitions tasks or workloads between peers
sugarcrm a widely-used, Javascript/PHP-based, CRM
multilingual Refers to the use of more than one language
excel-2013 is used for referencing the Excel Version 2013 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
business-intelligence Business intelligence refers to the process of analyzing an organization's business data, by various means, to assist in the organization's decision making
windows-forms-designer a graphical editor for Windows Forms controls within Visual Studio.
quickbooks popular small to medium-sized business accounting software created by Intuit, Inc
wcf-ria-services Microsoft WCF RIA Services simplifies the traditional n-tier application pattern by bringing together the ASP.NET and Silverlight platforms.
detection a general term that describes the action of finding an object, event or state during a process.
hashcode a result of applying a hash function to data, usually resulting in an integer.
hazelcast an open source In-Memory Data Grid platform
embedded-resource Resources such as images & help files that are embedded into the binary of the application itself
chai a BDD/TDD assertion library for Node.js and the browser that can be used with any Javascript testing framework.
opencv3.0 a library of programming functions mainly aimed at real-time computer vision, developed by itseez
openpyxl a pure python reader and writer of Excel OpenXML files .
credentials widely used to control access to information or other resources
css-shapes made by the use of Cascade Styling Sheets to make HTML elements into shapes and images
shortcut A route more direct than the one ordinarily taken
webhooks an alternative to HTTP polling
visual-studio-debugging Questions related to debugging methods and tricks in VisualStudio
paste is to be used for issues relating to the paste portion of copy/paste operations.
xml-rpc a remote procedure call protocol which uses XML to encode its calls and HTTP as a transport mechanism.
uiviewanimation no default class called UIViewAnimation, this tag refers to methods that perform animation on UIView objects.
semantic-web Representation of database record subjects , predicates , and objects as triples, where the first two are always URIs, and the thir…
options various choices or courses of action available to someone in a particular situation.
line-breaks Whitespace that forces text layout to continue at the start of the next line.
mime Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions is an Internet standard that extends the format of email to support text in character sets other than ASCII, non-text attachments, message bodies with mult…
jface for questions about JFace which is a Java application framework based on SWT
cql used to interact with and query Cassandra tables
viewstate the mechanism that allows form field values to be preserved across page postbacks.
unix-timestamp The number of seconds between a particular date and the Unix Epoch on January 1st, 1970
nested-attributes RubyOnRails allows you to access attributes of objects associated with the main model, using one, deep hash
tiff TIFF is a file format for storing images.
iptables OFF-TOPIC
styling the process of binding visual metadata to a document
xcode9 the latest release of Xcode
dagger-2 a dependency injection framework for Java and Android
haproxy a TCP/HTTP load balancer which provides cookie-based persistence, advanced traffic regulation with surge protection, automatic failover, run-time regex-based header control, Web-based repor…
clock Hardware and system clocks used by drivers, OS and hardware languages.
infinite-scroll Infinite Scrolling, also known as endless scrolling, is a technique that is widely used by websites and Web applications that host lots of content on a page where pagination would traditionally have b…
theory Programming-language-agnostic Questions that focus on the theoretical aspects rather than the actual implementations.
silverlight-3.0 Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
uninstall The process of completely removing an application from a system.
okhttp An HTTP+HTTP/2 client for Android and Java applications.
android-gridview a subclass of AdapterView that displays items in a two-dimensional, scrollable grid.
py2exe a python extension that converts Python Scripts to Windows Executables.
indy an open source library for Delphi, C++Builder, and FreePascal, supporting client and server implementations of TCP, UDP and RAW sockets as well as over 100 higher l…
traversal the action of iterating over all the elements in a sequence of elements.
nlog a free logging platform for .NET
telerik-grid telerik-grid refers to the issues in grid control available in various Telerik products
spring-data-rest a Spring Data project that aims to make it easy to expose Spring Data repositories as REST services
htmlunit a
web-component reusable client-side elements made using native HTML Templates, Custom Elements, and Shadow DOM, without the need for third-party component libraries.
keylistener an implementation of the Observer pattern which is created specifically for handling keyboard events.
dsl a programming language intended for a particular application domain
template-engine software that is designed to process templates and content information to produce output documents.
equality either the exact same item or of equal values.
keyboard-events triggered when a Key is pressed on a keyboard input device
jsfiddle For questions about using jsFiddle, a web application allowing users to create and execute code written in JavaScript, HTML, and CSS
delayed-job A Ruby library to queue and defer processing of slow methods like sending email and image resizing.
dynamic-memory-allocation Dynamic memory allocation, usually in the context of languages without garbage collection or mandatory or automatic reference counting, refers to the process or asking the operating system for a varia…
fade Fade refers to the UI technique of having page elements gradually gain or lose visibility, usually in response to a user action.
sml a high-level functional language with type inference.
raster A rectangular array of pixels
python-multithreading python-multithreading refers to how to divide work into multiple streams of execution in Python.
delete-file Tag for questions regarding file deletion
android-lifecycle Questions regarding the events forwarded by the system to components, during their lifetime, in an Android Application
rack Rack provides a minimal interface between webservers supporting Ruby and Ruby frameworks.
mixins a way to enhance an object with properties or methods from another object without inheriting from that object.
uwp-xaml for the XAML UI framework specific to Windows-Store-Apps on Windows 10, part of the Universal Windows Platform .
mesh a collection of vertices, edges and faces that defines the shape of a polyhedral object in 3D computer graphics and solid modeling.
qtp a functional and regression test automation tool for software applications and environments.
streamreader designed for character input in a particular encoding, whereas the Stream class is designed for byte input and output
deep-linking the usage of a hyperlink that is expressed as an absolute URL , vs
dropwizard a Java framework for developing ops-friendly, high-performance, RESTful web services.
logistic-regression a statistical classification model used for making categorical predictions.
messagebox a prefabricated modal dialog box that displays a text message to a user.
environment executed, especially settings that affect the process
layer ambiguous
sizeof sizeof refers to the Standard C/C++ operator for returning the size in bytes of an expression or datatype.
prompt a command-line or graphical interface which presents the user with a line editor or modal dialog and suspends execution until input is returned
twitter4j a library enabling calls to the Twitter API from Java
odoo a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the AGPL license
elementtree a Python library for creating and parsing XML.
quickblox a proprietary set of client-server solutions that allows you to build more powerful, engaging and secure mobile apps
indexeddb indexedDB provides a way to store data in the browser using Javascript
placeholder The HTML5 placeholder attribute specifies a short hint that describes the expected value of an input field
android-context Interface to global information about an application environment
wcf-binding The configuration of encoding, protocol and transport detailing how WCF services and clients communicate with each other
repeat refers to the action of doing something over again.
swagger-ui a collection of HTML, CSS and JavaScript objects that dynamically generate documentation from a Swagger-compliant API
http-status-code-301 The 301 or Moved Permanently error message is a HTTP standard response code indicating that the requested resource has been assigned a new permanent URI
endianness Endianness refers to how multi-byte values are stored in memory, sent between devices or stored on disk
cvs an open-source version control system
point a fundamental geometry entity.
percentage a ratio or fraction of a quantity that shows the ratio from whole part of quantity
recycler-adapter A RecyclerAdapter binds model data with recycling views.
osx-mountain-lion the ninth and current major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
tfs2015 Team Foundation Server 2015 by Microsoft
sql-server-express a freely downloadable and distributable version of Microsoft's SQL Server relational database management system
cloudkit a framework for storing and retrieving data on Apple’s iCloud servers
restore on any questions related to data restore .
httpd.conf The main configuration file of Apache HTTP Server is usually called httpd.conf
file-handling an abstraction of common actions such as creating, opening, closing, reading, updating, writing, comparing and deleting files
executorservice a Java object containing the managed pool of threads and capable of scheduling the submitted tasks for these threads
extjs4.2 along with the generic extjs tag
spring-security-oauth2 Spring Security implementation of the OAuth2 spec
checkout the process of finishing a transaction after using a shopping application for some time.
division an arithmetic elementary operation.
hdf5 a binary file format designed to store large amount of numerical data.
enumeration The process of enumerating values, for example from some collection.
ribbon an interface wherein a set of toolbars are organized using tabs.
foursquare Location based social networking website
jna Java Native Access provides pure Java access to native shared libraries without the need for additional native or JNI code.
delphi-2010 a specific version of Delphi
video.js an open source JavaScript framework for embedding and working with HTML5 and Flash video
vtk an open-source, freely available software system for 3D computer graphics, image processing and visualization
android-dialogfragment a fragment that displays a dialog window, floating on top of its activity's window.
powermock a Java library for creating mock objects for classes and methods that other similar libraries refuse to handle.
sidebar is to be used for issues relating to displaying or rendering information to the side of an application.
angularjs-service singletons that carry out specific tasks common to web apps
utc UTC stands for Coordinated Universal Time - it is the time standard by which the world regulates clocks and time.
mozilla going to be removed
service-worker JavaScript code that, once registered with an associated origin and scope, will respond to browser-initiated events, even when the pages it controls are no longer open
rcp software that provides a platform for application developers to build on
readline A library for command line editing, or a function to read one line of text.
vps VPS stands for Virtual Private Server and usually refers to a single instance of a virtual machine leased for private running on a shared physical machine.
glob globs, more properly called patterns, and also known as wildcard expressions, are instances of a pattern-matching language used in many, esp
genetic-algorithm a search heuristic that mimics the process of natural evolution.
bean-validation Bean Validation, previously commonly called just , is an annotation based validation framework for javabean properties and parameters of arbitrary methods
kernel-module a run-time loadable object file that is loaded into operating system kernel to add functionality to a running kernel
query-builder a set of classes and methods that is able to programmatically build queries.
xts an R package that contains an eXtensible Time Series class and methods
azure-table-storage a cloud-based NoSQL service which is ideal for large amounts of structured, non-relational data.
google-api-php-client The Google APIs Client Library for PHP provides access to many Google APIs
string-comparison the action of comparing strings, resulting in a boolean or an integer indicating the between the strings.
numeric for questions concerning problems using numbers which either cannot be exactly solved, or where the exact solution may be much more difficult to acquire than by using numerical methods.
combinatorics Deals with combinations of entities belonging to a finite set in accordance with certain constraints.
race-condition when multiple threads/processes/clients all use a resource, without proper use of locks.
android-cardview a widget used to show complex lists and cards in your app, it has material design style by default.
paintcomponent paintComponent is a method that Java Swing engine calls on JComponent, in order to draw it using the passed Graphics.
ternary-operator any operator that takes three arguments
ram a form of computer data storage
keychain an encrypted container that holds passwords for multiple applications and secure services
googletest Google's C++ testing framework based on xUnit that runs on multiple platforms.
spock a testing and specification framework for Java and Groovy applications
babel Python internationalization library with an emphasis on web-based applications
radio the transmission of signals through free space by electromagnetic radiation of a frequency significantly below that of visible light, or a device for doing the same
ontology a formal representation of knowledge as a set of concepts within a domain, and the relationships between those concepts
symbols can refer to a letter or special character; a primitive data type in many programming languages; an item of the alphabet of a formal language.
like DO NOT USE THIS TAG
paramiko a Python module that implements the SSH2 protocol.
nsmanagedobject a generic class that implements all the basic behavior required of a Core Data model object
helper Additional functionality not defined in a class that the helper operates on.
t4 T4 stands for Text Template Transformation Toolkit and is Microsoft's template based text generation framework included with Visual Studio.
meteor-blaze the render system for Meteor
contact A person who may be approached for information or assistance or the action of communicating with , typically in order to give or receive information.
target associated with a series of commands to execute when an action is requested.
apache-commons The Apache Commons project provides reusable, open source Java software components
flex-lexer a free software that generates lexical analyzers .
shuffle the act of randomizing the order of the elements in a collection.
grails-plugin a self-contained bundle of functionality that can be installed into a Grails application.
fibonacci the sequence defined by F = 0, F = 1, F = F + F
semantics The study of meaning as it applies to programming languages
drupal-8 the latest release of Drupal
appdelegate responsible for managing the app throughout its lifecycle by responding to events such as launch and termination.
shinyapps a web application framework for R
openfire a XMPP server written in Java
pseudo-element The pseudo element of CSS allows for an enhanced display of content within elements or the ability to generate extra beginning or ending content for elements.
identityserver4 OpenID Connect Provider and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server Framework based on ASP.NET Core
boxplot a form of displaying cardinally scaled data displaying robust summary statistics as graphical elements.
observer-pattern A design pattern in which an object, called the subject, maintains a list of its dependents, called observers, and notifies them automatically of any state changes, usually by calling one of their met…
avro a data serialization framework primarily used in Apache Hadoop.
reduce Reduce refers to the second step in a map reduce step, a component of a larger scalable, parallel-izable algorithm
redux-form Redux Form works with React and Redux to enable a form in React to use Redux to store all of its state.
stm32 a line of microcontrollers from ST Microelectronics, based on the Cortex M0, M0+, M3, M4, or M7 ARM core .
amazon-cognito a simple user identity and data synchronization service that helps securely manage and synchronize mobile app data.
biginteger an arbitrary-precision arithmetic type in Java, C#, and other languages
netbeans-8 NetBeans IDE 8.0 provides out-of-the-box code analyzers and editors for working with the latest Java 8 technologies--Java SE 8, Java SE Embedded 8, and Java ME Embedded 8
centos6 a Linux distribution aiming for 100% binary compatibility with RHEL.
gerrit a web based code review and project management for Git based projects.
android-4.4-kitkat API level 19 of the mobile operating system developed by Google.
nsview NSView Implements basic drawing, event handling and printing behaviors for applications
silverlight-5.0 Microsoft's cross-browser, cross platform plug-in for media experiences and rich interactive applications
multi-select a user interface feature that allows the user to select more than one item in an items control
google-adwords Questions must be about the ADWORDS API ONLY! Questions about accounts or ads are off-topic but may be asked on webmasters.stackexchange.com
odoo-10 a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the LGPL license since version 9
profile part of .NET Framework
provisioning-profile A profile used by Apple for verifying code signing for an application.
named-pipes an inter-process communication mechanism, which exists both on Unix and Unix-like systems , and on Microsoft Windows
conflict DO NOT USE THIS TAG
poco Means Plain Old CLR Object, a simple object that does not follow any object model, convention or framework
default-value A default, in computer science, refers to a setting or value automatically assigned to a software application, computer program or device, outside of user intervention.
stdvector A sequence type defined as part of the Standard Template Library.
userform A customizable GUI that interfaces easily with VBA when working with Microsoft Office products.
android-styles a collection of properties that specify the look and format for a View or window
undefined-behavior The unpredictable outcome of compiling or executing a program which breaks rules of the language neither compiler, interpreter nor runtime-system have to enforce.
permalinks a URL that points to a specific blog or forum entry after it has passed from the front page to the archives.
file-transfer Is a generic term for the act of transmitting files over a computer network or the Internet.
docusign an online service for collecting 'e-signatures' which allow users to sign forms using their web browser.
gettext an internationalization and localization library which is commonly used for writing multilingual programs
xls the file extension for files created using the default format of Microsoft Excel .
jquery-isotope a jQuery plugin that allows dynamic relayouts of elements on a page using CSS and jQuery transformations.
ada a structured, statically typed, imperative, wide-spectrum, and object-oriented high-level computer programming language, extended from Pascal and other languages.
weblogic12c The 12c release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE 7 certified application server suite from Oracle
sha1 a cryptographic hash function designed by the U.S
alpha An alpha channel determines the transparency of an image or view
android-pendingintent An Android class that provides a description of an Intent and target action to perform with it
genymotion a relatively fast Android emulator which comes with pre-configured Android images, suitable for application testing
jsp-tags a feature of Java Server Pages that allow the encapsulation of view-specific logic and separation of presentation and business concerns.
toast a transient message to the user that contains relevant, time-sensitive information and provides quick access to related content in an app.
android-library a development project that holds shared Android source code and resources
broadcast a one-to-many message passing interface
delphi-xe a specific version of Delphi
analysis the process of searching code, documents, or data to answer a particular question or predict a particular result.
android-testing The Android testing framework
smartcard a card with an embedded chip that may store cryptographic keys and/or perform cryptographic functions
popupwindow A window that appears when you select an option with a mouse or press a designated function key
simple-html-dom an open source HTML DOM parser written for PHP5+ which lets users easily manipulate HTML.
coldfusion-9 a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
osx-snow-leopard the seventh major release of Mac OS X, Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
imacros an extension for the Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome and Internet Explorer web browsers which adds record and replay functionality similar to that found in web testing and form filler softwa…
smalltalk one of the oldest object-oriented programming languages
portable-class-library The Portable Class Library project enables you to write and build managed assemblies that work on more than one .NET Framework platform .
onedrive For programming questions about Microsoft OneDrive , a cloud-based file hosting service, supported with SDKs and a REST API.
live .live function in jQuery attaches an event handler for all elements which match the current selector, now and in the future
aix AIX is a series of proprietary Unix operating systems developed and sold by IBM for several of its computer platforms.
string-matching the problem of finding occurrences of one string in another .
windows-server-2012 the server version of Windows 8 and the successor to Windows Server 2008 R2.
type-inference the process of inferring types for programs automatically, using rules defined by a type system.
logical-operators symbols that aid in evaluating boolean expressions
android-sdcard a Secure Digital Card available with Android which acts as the External Storage Directory.
mule-studio a tag that's used to refer to MuleSoft's Anypoint Studio ...
shadow Questions related to drawing or setting shadows on an object
cas Central Authentication Service, a trusted system to authenticate a user or Code Access Security, a Microsoft .NET system for limiting actions that untrusted code can perform.
uistoryboardsegue the Cocoa Touch class for segues used in storyboards in iOS 5.0 and later
invoke Executes the specified delegate on the thread that owns the control's underlying window handle.
static-analysis refers to the software tools to analyze application code for arbitrary properties, such as errors
dashboard a user interface that organizes and presents information in a way that is easy to read to the user of a website
react-navigation An easy-to-use navigation solution to be used across React and React Native projects https://github.com/react-community/react-navigation
put a HTTP method which requests that the enclosed entity be stored under the supplied URL.
flex4.5 an iteration of the ActionScript and MXML based RIA SDK focused on expanding support for mobile / tablet platforms.
c99 for questions regarding the International Standard ISO 9899:1999, aka , with technical corrigenda, and for questions about code written in C99
monogame an OpenSource implementation of Microsoft's XNA 4 APIs that allows developers to build games that run on Android, iPhone, iPad, Mac OS, Linux, PlayStation Mobile , Windows 8 Store…
directx-11 the 11th version of Microsoft's DirectX API, which is used to develop and handle tasks related to Multimedia, such as game programming, 3d visualizations and video on Microsoft platforms…
preferences The java.util.prefs package provides a way for applications to store and retrieve user and system preference and configuration data.
pca a statistical technique for dimension reduction often used in clustering or factor analysis
restsharp a simple to use REST client library for .NET
uislider a visual control used to select a single value from a continuous range of values
seam an open source enterprise framework in Java
azure-webjobs Provides an easy way for you to run programs such as services or background tasks in an Azure Web App .
ivy a subproject of Ant to simplify dependency management
itertools a module for the Python language which contains high level functional constructs for working with iterable objects and generators.
workflow-foundation windows workflow foundation… provides a programming model, in-process workflow engine and rehostable designer to implement long-running processes as workflows within .NET applications.
unzip uncompressing ZIP archives, the opposite of zipping.
smack an XMPP client library written in Java for Android and Java SE
amcharts JavaScript charting and mapping controls.
implicit-conversion Converting an object, variable or value from one type to another to satisfy a type restriction, without specifically requesting that conversion through language syntax.
gsub Ruby, Lua, R and Awk methods for performing a global pattern substitution.
conda an open-source package management tool for Python, part of the Anaconda Python distribution
xamarin-studio Xamarin Studio was a .NET development environment focused on creating iOS, Android and Mac apps.
blackberry-10 a QNX-based mobile platform developed by BlackBerry
synchronized said to be 'synchronized' if entry to it is controlled by the Java `synchronized` keyword
selenium-rc Selenium Remote Control - Answer to UI level functional test Web automation
jailbreak Questions related to the process of gaining root access to a mobile device for the purpose of software and OS modification
loader Loaders make it easy to asynchronously load data in an activity or fragment.
google-search is for programming questions about the Google search engine.
blur The visual effect
packaging a configuration management process involved with capturing the knowledge needed to install or uninstall software on a target system.
glibc used as the C library in the GNU system and most systems with the Linux kernel
pseudocode a compact and informal high-level description of a computer programming algorithm
rtf The Rich Text Format is a proprietary document file format with published specification developed by Microsoft Corporation since 1987 for Microsoft products and for cross-platf…
testflight TestFlight was a developer tool provided by Apple for distributing iOS builds wirelessly to beta testers
cruisecontrol.net a .NET-based framework for supporting a continuous build process
imagick a native php extension to create and modify images using the ImageMagick library
shortcode A shortcode allows Wordpress plugin authors to offer hooks for their functionality into templates in a concise manner
simd the concept of having each instruction operate on a small chunk or vector of data elements
collation Collation refers to a set of rules that determine how data is sorted and compared
midi MIDI is a protocol used to allow music hardware, software and other equipment to communicate with each other.
kafka-consumer-api Use for questions related to the Apache Kafka consumer API
qmake a tool for generating Makefiles and IDE project files.
android-bluetooth The Android bluetooth subsystem
nutch a well matured, production ready Web crawler
google-maps-api-2 The Google Maps API lets you embed Google Maps in your own web pages with JavaScript
postgresql-9.3 for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.3.
silex a PHP microframework for PHP >=5.3
transpose an operation that applies to matrices wherein the rows and columns are swapped
graphics2d the part of the Java 2D API related to two-dimensional graphics, text, and imaging capabilities
android-sensors Android-sensors tag unites questions that are connected with different hardware sensors that are embedded into Android devices
yacc a parser generator developed by Stephen C
uidatepicker a class in the UIKit framework of iOS which represents an graphical object that uses multiple rotating wheels to allow users to select dates and times.
getter-setter Public mutator methods in object-oriented programming, responsible for changing and returning the value of private class members, thus keeping with the principle of encapsulation.
vimeo a video-sharing website on which users can upload, share, and view videos.
google-fusion-tables Google's product for managing and combining datasets via a web service and Google Drive, and visualizing them in charts and other ways.
fgets Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fgets` or `std::fgets`
fadeout The fadeOut method gradually changes the opacity, for selected elements, from visible to hidden .
fwrite a function available with PHP, C, C++, etc
elf ELF stands for Executable and Linkable Format, a file format for files containing machine code.
screen-orientation in portrait orientation or landscape orientation , and switches between the two
olap a category of software tools that provides analysis of data stored in a database, optimized for querying and reporting
cancan The CanCan gem offers a straight forward and flexible way to define what a user can and cannot do.
adsense A program run by Google Inc
datastax-enterprise big data platform consisting of open source tools such as Apache Cassandra, Solr and Hadoop .
back-button A button that will take the user back to the previous state that they were on.
asp.net-4.0 refers to the version 4.0 of the ASP.NET web application framework introduced with the .NET Framework 4.
has-many-through In Ruby on Rails, a has_many :through association is often used to set up a many-to-many connection with another model
powerpoint-vba Visual Basic for Applications in Microsoft PowerPoint
setup-project The programs for creating program installer are setup project.
protobuf-net An independent implementation of Google's protobuf binary serialization format, protobuf-net approaches the problem-space with common .NET coding styles, but retaining the high performance, dense outp…
google-play-games The Google Play Games services SDK provides cross-platform game services that lets you easily integrate popular gaming features such as achievements, leaderboards, and Cloud Save in your web-based gam…
android-scrollview An Android widget that allows scrolling of its only child if it is too big for the screen's visible area.
fortran90 The standardized successor to FORTRAN 77, released as an ISO standard in 1991 and an ANSI Standard in 1992
hierarchical-data Hierarchical data reflects a set of parent-child relationships
spring-jdbc a part of Data access layer provided by Spring
cabal a package distribution and build system for the Haskell programming language.
scrapy-spider classes which define how a certain site will be scraped, including how to perform the crawl and how to extract structured data from their pages
nsnotificationcenter NSNotificationCenter allows to send and register for notifications in the Foundation framework, which is provided by Apple.
entitymanager the representation of a PersistenceContext, allowing a user to manipulate data pulled from a database.
ireport a GUI designer for JasperReports and JasperReports Server
robolectric a unit testing framework that allows Android applications to be tested on the JVM in seconds without using an emulator or device.
telegram-bot an HTTP-based interface created for developers keen on building bots for Telegram which is an instant-messaging app with documented API
pyodbc a module that allows you to use Python to make a database connection using ODBC
whatsapp a proprietary, cross-platform instant messaging application for smartphones
asihttprequest ASIHTTPRequest, a deprecated and outdated framework to replace NSURLConnection on iOS and OS X.
void An incomplete type used as syntactic place-holder for the return type of a method/function when no value is returned.
emoji pictures or Unicode characters that can be placed alongside text characters.
string-concatenation the operation of joining two character strings end-to-end.
haxe an open source, multiplatform programming language that allows developers to target JavaScript, NekoVM, Flash, C++, Java, C#, PHP, Python, Lua and HashLink using the same syntax.
spring-data-neo4j Spring Data Neo4j enables POJO based development for the Graph Database Neo4j.
classcastexception The Java exception thrown to indicate that the code has attempted to cast an object to a subclass of which it is not an instance.
android-image for questions related to images on Android
systemjs Spec-compliant universal module loader - loads ES6 modules, AMD, CommonJS and global scripts.
history DO NOT USE THIS TAG
devops for programming questions about DevOps , which is a software development method that stresses communication, collaboration, integration, automation, and mea…
xul an XML-based user interface markup language developed by Mozilla
durandal A cross-device, cross-platform client framework written in JavaScript and designed to make building and maintaining Single Page Applications faster and easier.
xsl-fo a markup language for XML document formatting which is most often used to generate printed content.
convolution A mathematical operation that combines two signals to generate a third signal
serversocket a java.net class that provides a system-independent implementation of the server side of a client/server socket connection.
profiler a programming tool used to track and analyse the performance of a software program.
android-tablayout Android TabLayout provides a horizontal layout to display tabs.
diagram a two-dimensional geometric symbolic representation of information according to some visualization technique.
arduino-uno a microcontroller board based on the ATmega328 and created by Massimo Banzi.
acumatica a cloud- and browser-based enterprise resource planning system , which can be customized and extended via an SDK and interoperated with via a web services API.
perl-module a reusable portion of Perl code.
swiftmailer a library that integrates into any web app written in PHP 5, offering a flexible and elegant object-oriented approach to sending emails with a multitude of features.
dc.js a JavaScript charting library with native Crossfilter support that fosters highly efficient exploration of large multi-dimensional datasets .
clear Do not use
multiline considered
allocation an operation of giving a program a block of memory.
jquery-ui-tabs The Tab widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
eslint The pluggable linting utility for JavaScript and JSX.
tvos an operating system developed by Apple for the Apple TV based on its successful iOS operating system
adfs Active Directory Federation Services v2.0 is a standards based Web Single Sign-On federated identity which implements claims based authentication across forests.
java-io The java.io package provides blocking input and output through data streams, serialization, and the file system.
freeze freeze in programming refers to a condition where in the concerned code or system becomes unresponsive.
amd The Asynchronous Module Definition API specifies a mechanism for defining modules such that the module and its dependencies can be asynchronously loaded
indexof a method in programming languages like Java, C#, JavaScript, etc
username identify the account of a person to a system.
wso2carbon a platform for development of component-based middleware for enterprise IT
tablelayout a common presentation design that places components into rows and columns.
adodb ActiveX Data Objects, a Microsoft middleware for accessing data sources
using a keyword in some programming languages
http-status-code-403 a HTTP standard response code indicating that the request was legal and understood but the server refuses to respond to the request.
member an element of an object in the object-oriented programming paradigm.
volume the characteristic of a sound that is primarily a psychological correlate of physical strength
modeling the constructing and manipulating abstract representations of economic, engineering, manufacturing, social, and other types of situations and natural phenom…
azureservicebus Microsoft Azure Service Bus provides a hosted, secure, and widely available infrastructure for widespread communication, large-scale event distribution, naming, and service publishing
git-bash refer to the bash shell that comes bundled within msysgit.
dynamics-crm-2013 a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package
exif a standard for storing metadata such as camera, lens, and geo information in JPEG and TIFF files
password-protection used to ensure only authorized users can access or modify certain information.
covariance Covariance, contravariance and invariance describe how the existing type inheritance hierarchy changes when subjected to some transformation
unmanaged independent of the Common Language Runtime
uibezierpath The UIBezierPath class lets you define a path consisting of straight and curved line segments and render that path in your custom views.
inline-assembly embedded within a source in another, higher language, such as x86 assembly embedded in C or C++.
q The Q.js JavaScript promise library
cpu-architecture The hardware microarchitecture of a CPU or microcontroller.
final a common keyword specifying that the reference declared as final cannot be modified once it is initialized
linq-to-objects The term refers to the use of LINQ queries with any IEnumerable or IEnumerable<T> collection directly, without the use of an intermediate LINQ provider or API such as LINQ to SQL
crashlytics a mobile service for building crash reporting for iOS and Android
ddl a subset of SQL to manipulate structural elements of a database, not the content of tables
access-violation An access violation is generally an attempt to access memory that the CPU cannot physically address
host A general-purpose computer system interconnected to some communications network, or communications networks for the purpose of achieving resource sharing amongst the participating systems is called Ho…
ormlite a Java open source software framework that provides lightweight object relational mapping between Java classes and SQL databases
x86-16 For programming and/or microarchitecture questions about the 16-bit x86 Intel CPUs, including the 8088, 8086, and later chips running in 16-bit mode.
cin the global stream object provided by the C++ standard library for reading from the standard input stream.
amazon-sqs Amazon Simple Queue Service offers a reliable, highly scalable, hosted queue for storing messages as they travel between computers.
typeclass a language mechanism to support ad hoc polymorphism
setter public mutator method, used in object-oriented programming, which gives new value to a private member of a class.
typoscript a descriptive language which defines how a website in the CMS TYPO3 is rendered
mysql-error-1064 1064 means in MySQL
image-manipulation the term used to describe various operations applied to images such as resizing, removing noise, or alteration of colour depth.
folders a plural of folder
projection the transformation of a set of data from one form into another.
specflow A Behavior-Driven Development tool for .NET.
public-key-encryption An cryptographic scheme which uses two mathematically related keys; a public and a private key where a message encrypted with public key can only be decrypted with the private key and vice-versa.
signals-slots a mechanism for implementing the observer pattern.
bit-shift A bit shift operation moves the bits contained in a binary numeral or bit pattern to the left or to the right.
lex a computer program that generates lexical analyzers
decision-tree a decision support tool that uses a tree-like graph or model of decisions and their possible consequences, including chance event outcomes, resource costs, and utility
crash-reports Crash reports covers anything related to obtaining any data related to an application failure.
x509 a standard for a public key infrastructure for single sign-on and Privilege Management Infrastructure .
datacontext used in WPF, Silverlight and various other .NET technologies
android-ui In an Android application, the user interface is built using `View` and `ViewGroup` objects
dotnet-httpclient Refers to the System.Net.Http.HttpClient library which is part of the HttpClient package on NuGet, or the .NET 4.5 library.
python-asyncio to be used for the asyncio Python package which provides mechanisms for writing single-threaded concurrent code
facebook-apps web apps that are loaded in the context of Facebook.
blocking Blocking mode I/O blocks the issuing thread until the operation transfers at least one byte or an error or end of stream occurs
odoo-9 a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the AGPL license
coq a formal proof management system and semi-interactive theorem prover
web-audio a Javascript API providing low level, low latency, audio playback and manipulation functions in HTML5 capable web browsers.
scp OFF-TOPIC
lifecycle A sequence of events or system calls relevant to the creation, startup, inactivation, resuming, shutdown and destruction of some program or its component
nsmanagedobjectcontext An instance of NSManagedObjectContext represents a single “object space”
amazon-iam AWS Identity and Access Management enables you to securely control access to AWS services and resources for your users
data-analysis Data Analysis involves extracting meaning and insights from raw data
libxml2 Software library for parsing XML documents.
rx-android RxJava bindings for Android
prediction For questions related to statistical prediction, especially for programming tasks.
openid-connect a REST-friendly protocol for the exchange of user identity built on top of the OAuth 2.0 and JWT specifications.
volatile a qualifier used to define a data storage area that , thus disallowing some code generator optimizations
event-listener triggered when a particular event occurs in the application or system.
functional-testing a quality assurance process and a type of black box testing that bases its test cases on the specifications of the software component under test.
unmarshalling the process of transforming the storage or transmission representation of an object back into its original memory representation
ontouchlistener Android interface to define a callback to be invoked when a view is touched.
checksum a fixed-size datum computed from an arbitrary block of digital data for the purpose of detecting accidental errors that may have been introduced during its transmission or st…
jq like sed for JSON data – you can use it to slice, filter, map, and transform structured data with the same ease that sed, awk, grep and friends let you play with text.
delete-row Delete row refers to the removal of rows from a relational database.
plesk The Parallels Plesk Panel software package is a commercial web hosting automation program.
trace a log of execution of a process or method.
landscape A page or device orientation in which the horizontal axis is longer than the vertical axis.
intentfilter In Android, an IntentFilter expresses a component's interest in or ability to handle particular data or actions
extend Cause a unit of code to cover a wider area.
move-semantics a programming language feature that allows a copy operation to be replaced by a more efficient when the source object is a temporary or an otherwise expiring object.
code-review TO ASK FOR A CODE REVIEW OF YOUR CODE
pid In computing, the process identifier is a number used by most operating system kernels to
series A Series object represents a data series and is stored in the SeriesCollection class.
remote-server a machine used for data processing which is accessed via a network
web-worker should be about the technology
xctest an Apple-provided framework which implements unit testing functions
jsonschema a JSON document which defines constraints on what other JSON documents should obey; it can also be used to interpret instances so as to provide links to ex…
large-data data that is difficult to process and manage because its size is usually beyond the limits of the software being used to perform the analysis.
elements single members of a bigger collection .
filenotfoundexception A Java or Android exception that indicates that the file denoted by a specified pathname could not be opened.
progress a component in a user interface used to convey the progress of a task, such as a download or file transfer
static-linking A static library or statically-linked library is a set of routines, external functions and variables which are resolved in a caller at compile-time and copied into a target application by a compiler, …
addclass a method on jQuery objects that adds a CSS class to the selected elements.
globalization The process of making an application suitable for use for a world-wide audience, regardless of culture.
contact-form describe a web form that collects personal information from a user.
getter a public accessor method, used in object-oriented programming, which returns the value associated with a private member of a class.
umbraco7 the seventh stable release of Umbraco - an open source content management system platform for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets
taxonomy The classification, or categorization, of things
dompdf An HTML to PDF converter written in PHP
vaadin7 the 7th version of Vaadin, an open source Web application framework for rich Internet applications.
android-progressbar Android's ProgressBar widget displays visual work-in-progress indication to the user
uialertcontroller An iOS class, for displaying alerts and popup style selectors
nsmutabledictionary the mutable version of NSDictionary.
openldap an open source implementation of the Lightweight Directory Access Protocol .
products to refer to products in an economic or commercial sense only
overlap Two or more elements overlap when they partially or totally cover one another.
cout the global stream object provided by the C++ standard library for writing to the standard output stream.
mmap a POSIX-compliant Unix system call that maps files or devices into memory.
nsxmlparser a class of the Foundation Framework of Mac OSX developer library
init May refer to Linux Init - the parent of all processes, which primary role is to create processes from a script stored in the file /etc/inittab
conditional-statements In computer science, conditional statements, conditional expressions and conditional constructs are features of a programming language which perform different computations or actions depending on whet…
execution Refers to the act of running a process.
wif a free Microsoft library that enables claims based authentication and use federated identity/single sign-on in their applications.
jnlp JNLP stands for Java Network Launch Protocol
webrequest a abstract class in .NET Framework for making requests to URIs .
solrj a java client to access solr
navigationbar a section of a UI, commonly used in web pages and mobile apps, consisting of a grouping of buttons, menus, or links that lead to the main sections or most frequently used content o…
apex-code A proprietary Java-like programming language for the Force.com Platform, not to be confused with Oracle's Application Express .
google-form Questions related to interacting programmatically with the Google Forms service
getline A C function that reads an entire line from a stream
naming A general purpose tag to cover anything concerning naming, be it files, programming constructs, data etc.
angular-directive markers on a DOM element that tells Angular's HTML compiler to attach a specified behavior to that…
regex-negation an operation performed on a character class that complements its pattern
grails-2.0 a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
frame-rate Frame rate is the frequency at which an imaging device produces unique consecutive images called frames
android-4.0 Android 4.0 is API level 14 of the mobile operating system developed by Google
angularjs-routing The built-in routing module in AngularJS, which can map the browser URL to a defined route.
na a missing value indicator in the R language.
sd-card a non-volatile memory card, often used in digital cameras as well as in mobile devices.
database-replication used to ensure consistency between redundant databases and to improve reliability and increase fault-tolerance
exists a keyword or function in many languages, especially in SQL.
bigdecimal a numeric object type in Java that represents decimal numbers with arbitrary precision.
spring-roo a lightweight tool aimed at developer productivity
simulator an automated model that captures the essential logic and behaviour of a particular object
appdomain an isolated environment in which Microsoft .NET assemblies can be sandboxed, granted specific permissions or PermissionSets and executed.
afnetworking-2 a networking library for iOS 6+ and Mac OS X 10.8+.
multicast Multicast refers to one-to-many network transmission options, where packets will be automatically propagated just to those nodes wishing to receive them
blockchain an open, distributed ledger that can record transactions between two parties efficiently and in a verifiable and permanent way
key-bindings Anything related to key-bindings , i.e
nonblocking Non-blocking mode I/O either transfers at least one byte or returns immediately with an error or end of stream
contour A contour line for a function of two variables is a curve connecting points where the function has the same particular value.
restlet an open source framework for Java to expose and consume RESTful web APIs
matlab-guide a graphical user interfaces design environment in MATLAB
readonly a generic concept that means - Please DO NOT USE THIS TAG
samsung-mobile for questions related to application development issues affecting just Samsung Mobile devices.
lines can refer to rows of characters in text output or input, or to the shortest distance between two points.
expressionengine a commercial content management system, written in PHP
eof a condition in a computer operating system where no more data can be read from a data source.
spss a statistics package
smartgwt a GWT-based framework that allows you to not only utilize its comprehensive widget library for your application UI, but also tie these widgets in with your server-side for data management
ini The INI file format includes text-based initialization information for programs
uac used for questions concerning the User Account Control security feature of Windows Vista, Windows 7, 8 and higher versions of Windows.
src a common attribute in HTML used to identify the location of a resource which relates to an element.
autoload a language convention which allows missing classes or method dependencies to be loaded on-demand.
rethinkdb a scalable, open-source, distributed database system built to store JSON documents
atlassian-sourcetree a powerful Git and Mercurial desktop client for developers on Mac or Windows.
depth-first-search an algorithm for traversing or searching a tree, tree structure, or graph
multipart content type that allows multiple MIME types to be embedded in a single message.
primeng Collection of UI Components for Angular
fabric A Python library and command-line tool for streamlining the use of SSH for application deployment or systems administration tasks
cycle a process or series of items, which repeats several times.
kill an operation of removing an object or process from memory so that other processes/variables can use them.
hyperledger-fabric an implementation of blockchain technology, use this tag for questions about this project
lumen a built on top of Laravel's components, and is the official micro-framework of Laravel
wikipedia Consider the tags wikipedia-api and mediawiki
rebase Changing the starting point of a branch in a Version Control System.
django-haystack a modular search app for Django projects
cx-freeze a set of scripts and modules for freezing Python scripts into executable files for Windows , Mac OS , or Linux.
mongoengine a Document-Object Mapper for working with MongoDB from Python
resttemplate for Spring's RestTemplate, a class for client-side HTTP communications and RESTful principles enforcement.
collapse deprecated and should not be used, because it lacks discriminating power
multiplication the mathematical operation of scaling one number by another
cassandra-2.0 a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache.
parcelable parcelable refers to the capability of an object to be converted to a parcel, a container for reading and writing data of various type, using type specific rather than generic serialization
php-5.3 the successor to PHP 5.2
angular-ngmodel Used in Angular.js - The ngModel directive binds an input, select, textarea to a property on the scope using NgModelController, which is created and exposed by this directive.
scala-collections Collection library for Scala Programming Language
expression-blend a visual design tool used to create WPF, Silverlight, and Windows Phone 7 application user interfaces.
marker Google Map Marker
data-access-layer a layer of a computer program which provides simplified access to data stored in persistent storage of some kind, such as an entity-relational database.
parse-server an open source version of the Parse backend that can be deployed to any infrastructure that can run Node.js.
google-api-client The GoogleApiClient The main entry point for Google Play services integration
gxt a dual licensed component framework that seeks to provide similar functionality to ExtJs for Google Web Toolkit applications.
has-and-belongs-to-many A has_many :through association set up a many-to-many connection with another model.
impersonation a process whereby an application assumes another identity or security context during execution.
nsfilemanager The NSFileManager class enables you to perform various generic file-system operations and insulates an application from the underlying file system.
rxjs5 The 5th version of the reactive extensions for javascript.
android-bitmap A Java Object from android.graphics.Bitmap that represents a Bitmap.
achartengine A charting software library for Android applications by Dan Dromereschi.
mex MEX-files are dynamically linked subroutines produced from C, C++ or Fortran source code that, when compiled, can be run from within MATLAB® in the same way as MATLA…
nested-lists refers to a structure in which two or more lists are placed in a form .
gsp a presentation language for web applications, similar to JSP
ssdt SQL Server Data Tools introduces an ubiquitous, declarative model that spans all the phases of database development and maintenance/update inside Visual Studio
pandoc an open-source, command-line, universal document converter for converting between various markup formats.
raspberry-pi2 a quad-core, ARMv7 instruction set CPU with 1GB of RAM
quartz-graphics graphic framework used on Mac OS X
has-many has_many indicated a master-detail relationship
restful-authentication Questions about authentication for RESTful services.
code-snippets For issues relating to the creation, use, and maintenance of code snippets.
jquery-masonry a dynamic grid layout plugin for jQuery
jdeveloper an integrated development environment that simplifies the development of Java-based SOA applications and user interfaces, supporting the full software development life cycle
inotifypropertychanged an interface defined in Microsoft .NET used to notify listeners of data changes made to an object
guzzle a PHP HTTP client that makes it easy to send HTTP requests and trivial to integrate with web services
scapy a powerful interactive packet manipulation tool, packet generator, network scanner, network discovery, packet sniffer, etc
mobile-website Mobile Website refers to the design and implementation of web content aimed at clients using mobile devices such as phones or tablets.
aws-cli a unified tool to manage AWS services.
template-meta-programming a meta-programming technique in which templates are used by a compiler to generate temporary source code, which is merged by the compiler with the rest of the source code …
scenebuilder a UI design tool for JavaFX
shortest-path problems addressing finding the shortest path from a single source to a target source, usually in a graph.
webmatrix Microsoft WebMatrix consists of a basic IDE bundled with a simple but powerful SQL database and a lightweight web server.
egit an Eclipse plugin for the Git version control system.
fancybox-2 a completely rewritten plugin with new features and updated graphics.
spring-webflow a web-app framework which helps to define the page navigation rules in a intuitive, and reusable way.
back Method or control to return user to previous state, page or screen.
bitcoin a peer-to-peer digital currency with no central authority
rtmp used for streaming multimedia content across a TCP/IP network.
windows-server-2003 Windows Server 2003 is a server operating system produced by Microsoft, introduced on 24 April 2003.
unique-ptr a smart pointer that retains sole ownership of an object through a pointer
http-get a request method which should be used to retrieve data and should not change state of the server.
alarm Anything related to the design and implementation of alarms
dijkstra Dijkstra's algorithm, conceived by Dutch computer scientist Edsger Dijkstra is a graph search algorithm that solves the single-source shortest path problem for a connected graph with nonnegative edge …
unicorn a magical weaponized HTTP server for Ruby.
selenium-grid Selenium-Grid allows you run your tests on different machines against different browsers in parallel
angular-services substitutable objects that are wired together using dependency injection.
portability Portable code can be run with little to no modification in multiple environments
wiki a CMS for collaborative content creation, typically with a flat content structure and heavy cross-referencing
public an access-specifier in object-oriented languages; it indicates that all objects have access to the `public` field or method.
hibernate-criteria The Criteria interface of Hibernate ORM , represents a query against a particular persistent class
multi-touch multi-touch refers to a touch sensing surface's ability to recognize the presence of two or more points of contact with the surface
identityserver3 OpenID Connect Provider and OAuth 2.0 Authorization Server Framework based on Katana.
visual-studio-cordova Visual Studio Tools for Apache Cordova™ makes it easy to build cross platform apps that run on iOS, Android, Windows, and Windows Phone using a single project based on HTML5 and JavaScript.
android-dialog Base class for Dialogs
emr Questions relating to Amazon's Elastic MapReduce product.
elm a functional programming language for writing web applications that can fully replace, or interoperate with, HTML/CSS/JavaScript.
dax Expression language used in Microsoft Power Pivot, SQL Server Analysis Services Tabular, and Power BI for performing analytical calculations.
partial Existing only in part; incomplete.
autocompletetextview an Android widget that automatically shows complete suggestions as the user types.
yum a software package manager that installs, updates, and removes packages on RPM-based systems.
right-to-left Right to Left refers to the scripts of natural languages that are written and read from the right to the left instead from the left to the right, such as Hebrew, Arabic and Persian
slidetoggle a function of jQuery which displays or hides the matched elements with a sliding motion.
jsch a pure Java implementation of SSH2
amazon-sns Amazon Simple Notification Service is a web service that makes it easy to set up, operate, and send notifications from the cloud
builder An object creation software design pattern, one of the Gang of Four's creational design patterns.
meta the HTML or XHTML <meta … > element used to provide structured metadata about a Web page
bottle a fast, simple and lightweight WSGI micro web-framework for Python
subsonic A Super High-fidelity Batman Utility Belt that works up your Data Access , throws in some much-needed utility functions, and generally speeds along your dev cycle.
browser-history Browser history refers to the list of web pages a user has visited recently—and associated data such as page title and time of visit—which is recorded by web browser software as standard for a certain…
wcf-security Questions related to the authentication and authorization services for Windows Communication Foundation applications
preview User Interface action to display a preliminary or scaled down version of the actual item.
visualforce Salesforce.com's HTML template technology, allowing dynamic creation of web pages utilising Apex logic and SOQL queries to replace merge fields with content.
cherrypy a pythonic, object-oriented HTTP framework
osx-elcapitan Twelfth major release of OS X
flowtype a static type checker, designed to find type errors in JavaScript programs, created by Facebook.
ksoap2 A lightweight and efficient SOAP engine suitable for J2ME or constrained java devices.
specifications A specification is a description of a defined technology and the resources it offers.
tiles Apache Tiles renders dynamic websites in a Java Servlet container.
excel-interop the layer using the COM Interop that allows .NET to communicate with standard COM objects and libraries.
jit a technique used to improve the performance of interpreted code by translating it to machine code.
bcrypt an implementation of the Blowfish cipher and a computationally-expensive hash function mostly used for password hashing.
pyserial a Python module that encapsulates the access for the serial port
uitoolbar a control that displays one or more buttons, called toolbar items
typeahead.js a JavaScript library written by Twitter for computing and displaying suggestions as the user types - for instance, to implement autocomplete functionality
seekbar a UI control analogous to a slider
xna-4.0 Version 4.0 of Microsoft's XNA Framework
production-environment one in that is exposed to its intended audience in a real-world situation.
vue-router a routing library for single-page applications designed for use with the Vue.js framework.
python-unittest Python's framework for unit testing.
database-administration the aspects of database usage not directly related to the insertion and extraction of information, such as security, configuration and performance finetuning
outer-join An outer join defines a relationship between two tables where all records from one or both tables are returned regardless of the existence of a matching key-field in the other table
mpandroidchart a powerful open-source Android chart view / graph view library
restful-architecture RESTful, or representational state transfer, is a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web.
gcloud the main command line tool of Google Cloud SDK, which allows you to manage resources on Google Cloud Platform and perform various developer workflow tasks.
gsm an abbreviation for
claims-based-identity Application model for presenting an identity to a claims aware application
ncurses a subroutine library for terminal-independent screen-painting and input-event handling.
libsvm a library for Support Vector Machines
phonegap a distribution of Apache Cordova
large-files Large files, whether binary or text, can sometimes be problematic even for an experienced programmer
gitlab-ci A continuous integration server from gitlab.
autotools a suite of programming tools designed to assist in making source-code packages portable to many Unix-like systems.
shared roughly equivalent to the static keyword used by many other languages.
skype a software application by Microsoft that allows users to make voice and video calls over the Internet
wrap Cover, enclose, fit around something
code-formatting the way to format the source code of programs,using spaces and tabs, improving legibility of source code.
bukkit a free, open-source variant of the vanilla Minecraft server that allows programmers to extend it using plugins written in Java.
skspritenode a node that draws a textured image, a colored square, or a textured image blended with a color.
webfonts Technology that enables people to use fonts on demand over the Web without requiring installation in the operating system.
jquery-file-upload a blueimp.net widget with multiple file selection, drag&drop support, progress bar and preview images for jQuery.
conditional-formatting a technique used by Microsoft Excel for formatting cells depending on cells evaluated value
user-experience the experiential, affective, meaningful and valuable aspects of human-computer interaction and product ownership, but also a person’s perceptions of the practical aspects s…
predicate a method which represents a set of criteria and decides for a given object if these criteria are fulfilled or not
django-cms a plugin-based Django application for managing hierarchical pages of content, possibly in multiple languages and/or on multiple sites.
epplus a .NET library that reads and writes Excel 2007/2010/2013 files using the Open Office Xml format .
children the set of all nodes within a hierarchical data structure which have a node above them.
turtle-graphics A method for drawing computer graphics using a cursor, known as a turtle
composition the process of combining, or composing, parts of a program into a larger program.
rhino-mocks a dynamic mock object framework for the .NET platform
outputstream An abstract mechanism for writing data to a stream in Java and C#
modalviewcontroller a mechanism for managing a modal view, i.e
instance-variables In object-oriented programming with classes, an instance variable is a variable defined in a class , for which each object of the class has a separate copy.
substitution The action of replacing something with another thing.
boolean-logic An algebraic system developed by George Boole
extends a keyword in several programming languages used to denote implementation inheritance
api-design the process of determining and exposing a set of consistent method signatures, return values, and documentation intended for use by other developers to allow programmatic access to data.
idisposable an interface within the Microsoft .NET Framework's Base Class Library
favicon an icon associated with particular website
pojo an acronym for Plain Old Java Object
data-science Data science concerns extracting knowledge or insights from data, in whatever shape or form
python-2.6 specific to Python 2.6
calculated-columns calculated from an expression that can use other columns in the same table
shared-hosting hosted on servers where many other peoples sites are hosted can have specific problems due to security concerns, lack of control of installed libraries, no root access etc.
configure an executable script designed to aid in developing a program to be run on a wide number of different computers.
linechart a type of chart, which displays information as a series of data points connected by straight line segments.
subview an abstract representation of a nested hierarchy of views in a MVC framework
missing-data For questions relating to missing data problems, which can involve special data structures, algorithms, statistical methods, modeling techniques, visualization, among other considerations.
params null
querydsl a framework which enables the construction of type-safe SQL-like queries for multiple backends including JPA, MongoDB and SQL in Java.
yesod a Haskell web framework for productive development of type-safe, RESTful, high performance web applications.
submenu a menu, that is a list of options or commands, which is contained within another menu.
joomla1.5 1.5.x versions of Joomla Content Management System
powerpivot An in-memory OLAP cube that can for instance be installed and used in Excel
symbol A synonym for .
streamwriter designed for character output in a particular encoding, whereas classes derived from Stream are designed for byte input and output.
spell-checking Flagging words in a document that may not be spelled correctly.
angularjs-filter Selects a subset of items from array and returns it as a new array.
temp-tables a feature of RDBMS's as a means of storing intermediate results
projects-and-solutions Some IDEs organize code and resources into projects and solutions, usually in a directory-based hierarchy
absolute In CSS, the `absolute` property will cause an element to be positioned relative to its first non-static parent element.
angularjs-controller The AngularJS controller exposes the data that is to be displayed into the HTML view
object-detection Object detection deals with recognizing the presence of objects of a certain semantic class in digital image and video data.
labels a placeholder for text, and other UI elements.
code-first-migrations a feature of Entity Framework to detect, script and execute schema updates of databases created with the Code-First approach.
mahout Apache Mahout open source scalable machine learning project
webmethod an attribute that is marked to indicate that a function in a web service is exposed to the consumers of the web service.
lldb a debugger built as a set of reusable components which highly leverage existing libraries in the larger LLVM Project, such as the Clang expression parser and LLVM disassembler.
session-timeout A session timeout occurs when a unique application session expires due to a time limitation placed on the session.
dump Recording the contents of memory after application or operating system failure, or by operator request, in a core dump for use in subsequent problem analysis
atl a library of C++ class templates provided by Microsoft that simplify the programming of Component Object Model objects
ef-migrations a feature of Entity Framework that provides for detecting changes to a code-first model, and upgrading the database schema based on those changes.
capture the process of converting a set of pixels on a screen into a bitmap image stored in memory
azure-virtual-machine IaaS service provided by Microsoft Azure to host custom persistent virtual machines running Windows Server or Linux.
strongloop An API tier for connecting enterprise data to devices and browsers
m2eclipse a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models
uniqueidentifier With reference to a given set of objects, a unique identifier is any identifier which is guaranteed to be unique among all identifiers used for those objects and for a specific pur…
android-tabs android-tabs refers to the interface for the tabbed window view of an Android device
node-webkit an app runtime based on Chromium and Node.js
uicollectionviewlayout an abstract base class that is used to generate layout information for a collection view.
httphandler classes that implement the IHttpHandler and IHttpAsyncHandler interfaces
html-entities HTML entities provide a method of entering characters that cannot be expressed in the document's character encoding or that cannot easily be entered on a keyboard.
tls1.2 cryptographic protocols designed to provide communications security over a computer network.
ioexception the general class of exceptions produced by failed or interrupted input/output operations in several languages, including Java and C#.
direct3d a high-performance, COM-based API for accessing graphics hardware in a device-independent way on Microsoft platforms.
docker-swarm native clustering for Docker
sharding a technique of partitioning database tables by row ; typically this technique requires a key to be selected that determines how the rows are to be partitioned.
elk-stack ELK Stack combines the Elasticsearch, Logstash & Kibana to provide realtime insights of any type of structured, unstructured data.
screen-resolution The number of distinct pixels in each dimension that the screen can display, usually quoted as width × height with the units in pixels.
schema.org a collaboration from several search engines, defining logic data model and vocabulary for structured data based on entity relationships model
tridion a Web Content Management software platform that supports both Java and .NET architectures.
android-listfragment one of the specialized Fragment classes which has, by default, a ListView as its content view.
cqrs Command-Query Responsibility Segregation is an architectural pattern which separates commands from queries
qemu a generic and open source machine emulator and virtualizer
boot The boot phase broadly refers to the set of operations that a computer system performs between power-on and access to a graphical/textual shell
gaussian for issues related to Gaussian functions
markup Markup covers various systems for annotating text with extra information which defines its formatting or appearance
naudio an open source audio library for .NET, supporting audio playback, recording and sample manipulation as well as reading and writing various audio file formats.
interactive Interactive software accepts and responds to input from humans, in contrast to noninteractive software, which operate without human contact.
horizontal-scrolling horizontal-scrolling refers to a user-interface capability to view offscreen content which is wider than the screen by using on-screen controls or an input device to change the left/right offset
uicolor A UIColor object represents color and sometimes opacity
retina-display a trademark used by Apple for displays claimed to have pixel density so high that the eye would not be able to notice pixelation
enzyme developed by Airbnb
rspec2 a version of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers
display Display refers to a style property in CSS
appcelerator-titanium Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Titanium SDK for developing Native Mobile Apps using JavaScript
flickr for questions about the public API provided by Flickr, a photo/video sharing website Photos are tagged with metadata, such as tags, geolocation, and Exif data, which can all be accessed t…
jdbctemplate a key part of the Spring Framework JDBC abstraction
player ambiguous and is in the process of being cleaned up and deleted.
app-engine-ndb a better datastore API for the Google App Engine Python runtime
websphere-liberty a highly composable, fast to start, dynamic application server runtime environment.
webdav WebDAV is the Internet Engineering Task Force standard for collaborative authoring on the Web
fill fill refers to the process of assigning and rendering a color or pattern to the set of coordinates within the outline of a shape.
http-status-codes a set of standardized codes returned in an HTTP web response
google-maps-sdk-ios The new Google Maps SDK for iOS allows users to view and interact with a Google map in your iOS app.
gremlin the graph traversal language and virtual machine of Apache TinkerPop™
python-3.3 specific to Python 3.3
timepicker A view for selecting the time of day, in either 24 hour or AM/PM mode.
dynamic-arrays Anything related to dynamic arrays, i.e
appstore-approval off-topic for Stack Overflow
githooks scripts that fire when certain events transpire in git
monitor component for Monitoring
waterline an adapter-based ORM for Node
cloudflare a content delivery network and distributed Domain Name Server service aimed at enhancing website performance and speed and providing security.
breadth-first-search In graph theory, breadth-first search is a graph search algorithm that begins at the root node and explores all the neighboring nodes
spring-transactions Questions related to Spring's Transaction API
data-manipulation the process of altering data from a less useful state to a more useful state.
fs File I/O in the Node.js Javascript platform
yield a keyword that facilitates creation of generator functions, a Ruby statement to transfer control from one coroutine to another
propel an open-source Object-Relational Mapping for PHP5
robots.txt Robots.txt is a text file placed in the root of a web site domain to give instructions to compliant web robots about what pages to craw…
nswindow an apple class that defines objects that manage and coordinate the windows an application displays on the screen
bigcommerce an eCommerce platform
flux An application design paradigm used as a replacement for MVC, pioneered at Facebook by Jing Chen
vsts-build Visual Studio Team Services provides a modern cross-platform pipeline based build infrastructure that can build and deploy your code
watch Watch refers to observing the status of variables, files or directories for some or all possible actions such as additions, deletions or modifications.
porting Converting existing code or executables to another programming language, environment, or architecture.
countdowntimer The Android `CountDownTimer` class
google-translate a paid statistical machine translation service provided by Google Inc
esp8266 a highly integrated chip designed for the needs of an increasingly connected world
repaint Repaint refers to issues relating to re-rendering or redrawing user interface screens or portions of those screens.
xmlserializer Serializes and deserializes objects into and from XML documents
equation A statement that the values of two expressions are equal indicated by the sign = .
mkannotation provide annotation-related information to a map view
jquery-chosen a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly
lag a common word meaning to fail to keep up or to fall behind
odp.net Oracle Data Provider for .NET features optimized ADO.NET data access to the Oracle database.
varchar a set of character data of indeterminate length.
speech-to-text The translation of spoken words into text
jdo a standard way to access persistent data in databases, using plain old Java objects to represent persistent data
metrics quantitative data related to software.
polymorphic-associations a term used in discussions of Object-Relational Mapping with respect to the problem of representing in the relational database domain, a relationship from one class to multi…
boost-spirit a set of C++ libraries for parsing and output generation implemented as Domain Specific Embedded Languages using Expression templates and Template Meta-Programming
restart Restart refers to the process where a software program or system is systematically shut down then automatically invoked to full functionality without intervention from the …
similarity Similarity measures quantify how much alike objects are.
language-design A tag for questions related to the design of any aspect of programming languages.
uploadify a jQuery plugin that integrates a fully-customizable multiple file upload utility on your website
comet a generic term used to describe technology used to web connection, in which the client must request data bef…
bamboo a continuous integration and deployment server from Atlassian, the makers of JIRA, Confluence and Crowd.
asp.net-3.5 the 3.5 version of web development framework asp.net, part of .Net
text-processing Mechanizing the creation or manipulation of electronic text.
dto an acronym for Data Transfer Object, a design pattern used in data transfer.
factory-pattern sometimes used to refer to the Factory Method pattern and sometimes used to refer to the Abstract Factory pattern
ethernet a set of networking technologies widely used to interconnect computers.
minitest a testing framework that comes in the standard library of Ruby 1.9.
constexpr a modifier introduced in C++11, which informs the compiler that the value of a function or variable is known or can be calculated at compile time
continuous-deployment A software engineering approach in which teams keep producing software in short cycles and ensure that the software can be released to production at any time.
tinymce-4 a platform independent web-based JavaScript HTML WYSIWYG editor control released as open source under LGPL by Moxiecode Systems AB
jtree Java Swing component that displays a set of hierarchical data as an outline.
signature In computer programming, especially object-oriented programming, a method is commonly identified by its unique method signature, which usually includes the method name, and the number, types and order…
acrobat a family of applications developed by Adobe in order to view, create, manipulate, print and manage files in Portable Document Format .
mxml an XML-based declarative language similar to CFML
pic a family of Harvard architecture microcontrollers made by Microchip Technology.
kentico a content management system for building websites, online stores, intranets and Web 2.0 community sites
functor The term 'functor' has two common meanings: 1
google-sheets-api The Google Sheets API lets developers write client applications that read and modify worksheets and data in Google Sheets.
android-coordinatorlayout a super-powered FrameLayout.
multilanguage entering or rendering content in multiple languages
dtd DTD stands for as specified in the XML 1.x Recommendations of the W3C
pouchdb a client side database solution built on top of browser provided databases
xor For questions involving exclusive-or operations .
extern an access-specifier in C and C++ which defines a global variable that is visible to all object modules.
glfw a free, Open Source, multi-platform library for opening a window, creating an OpenGL context and managing input
apex a strongly typed, OOP language that allows to execute flow and transaction control statements on the Force.com platform server in conjunction with calls to the Force.com API
definition A generic tag for topics providing definitions.
friend In object-oriented programming, friend refers to a method or class that has access to some non-public aspects of a particular class.
quartz.net an open source job scheduling library for .NET
jspdf an open-source library written in JavaScript, used for generating PDF documents.
implicit a function applied or a parameter provided without explicitly appearing in the source code.
openxml-sdk built on top of the System.IO.Packaging API and provides strongly typed part classes to manipulate Open XML documents.
synchronous Synchronous means that the caller of a function waits for the response or completion of the function before returning control to the main program
clion a cross-platform IDE for C and C++ development.
ros ROS provides libraries and tools to help software developers create robotics applications
multiplayer typically refers to a feature of games software where more than one user can interact with the same instance of the software.
spring-jms Spring provides a JMS integration framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API much like Spring's integration does for the JDBC API.
dotnetopenauth an open source library for OpenID 1.1 and 2.0 supporting OAuth 1.0, 1.1, 2.0 as Consumer and Service Provider.
remoting a Microsoft application programming interface for interprocess communication released in 2002 with the 1.0 version of .NET framework.
createjs A suite of Javascript libraries and tools for building rich, interactive experiences with HTML5.
image-gallery set up to display multiple images
rollback reverting data to a previous state
network-protocols A network protocol defines rules and conventions for communication between network devices.
ear a file format used by Java EE for packaging one or more modules into a single archive so that the deployment of the various modules onto an application server happens…
strtotime PHP function for parsing about any English textual datetime description into a Unix timestamp
datamapper Architectural pattern for separating application logic from storage.
onsen-ui a front-end framework for developing hybrid mobile apps in HTML5
agile QUESTIONS ABOUT SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT METHODS AND PRACTICES OR PROJECT MANAGEMENT ARE OFF-TOPIC
backbone-views Views in the Backbone.js library
softlayer SoftLayer, an IBM Company, provides cloud infrastructure as a service from a growing number of data centers and network points of presence around the world.
truncate the automatic or deliberate shortening of data or a data stream when either the entirety of the data is not neede…
lift An open source web application framework written in Scala
flexslider a fully responsive jQuery slider plugin.
mount a command used to attach the file data structure of a device as a branch of the root tree.
android-tablelayout one of the layouts on the Android platform that arranges its children into rows and columns.
voice-recognition Voice Recognition means identification of the person talking and is frequently misapplied to mean - identification of what is being said.
sitecore6 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
radgrid an ASP.NET based grid control by Telerik that provides many advanced functions.
tmux a terminal multiplexer: it enables a number of terminals , each running a separate program, to be created, accessed, and controlled from a single screen
azure-web-roles a Windows Server Compatible Virtual Machine with IIS enabled, along with scaffolding code that provides a launch point for your own code to run within the VM.
braintree Braintree provides an API for accepting payments online and through mobile apps with a single integration.
literals a notation for representing fixed values in source code
memory-address indicate a particular location in computer's memory
playframework-2.2 based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
query-performance For questions pertaining to the measurement or improvement of a query .
packet one unit of binary data capable of being routed through a computer network.
branching-and-merging In version control, branches represent parallel lines of development
unions The plural of a keyword in the C family of languages for declaring a union data type.
binary-data information stored using a two character alphabet
iqueryable .NET Framework Interface, providing functionality to evaluate queries against a specific data source wherein the type of the data is not specified.
cut A Unix shell command that breaks input into fields, which can be selected for output, based on a delimiter.
custom-fields WordPress custom fields: author-entered post metadata
vcl used for questions regarding the Visual Component Library used in Borland/CodeGear/Embarcadero Delphi and C++Builder products
disassembly Involves turning code back in higher level assembly mnemonics.
status null
cakephp-2.3 a rapid development framework for PHP that provides an extensible architecture for developing, maintaining, and deploying applications
superclass a parent or base class that is derived or inherited from by a child class
auth0 For questions relating to the integration with Auth0 services and/or SDK's
saxon an implementation of XSLT, XQuery, XPath, and XSD
railstutorial.org Questions and answers for Michael Hartl's railstutorial.org
pillow a fork of the Python Imaging Library , aiming to be friendlier than the former.
ranking the sorted order of an element in a list of elements
designer a visualized UI creating tool
jbpm a flexible Business Process Management Suite
tcp-ip an acronym Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol
multicore Multicore programming covers techniques for making programs run in parallel, by exploiting hardware with multiple processing cores.
rtp The Real-time Transport Protocol defines a standardized packet format for delivering audio and video over IP networks.
android-logcat the command to view and filter information from the Android logging system, but more often the name is used as a synonym for the Android logging system itself.
dicom Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine is a standard for the exchange, storage and other handling of medical images and other associated data, such as patient demographics, study detai…
google-cast Questions related to the Google Cast screen-sharing technology
dql an Object Query Language created for helping users in complex object retrieval.
struts-1 a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
git-rebase With the git-rebase command, you can take the changes from one branch and replay them on top of another branch.
kettle a code name for Pentaho Data Integration Community Edition tool
handle an abstraction of a resource or a reference to an entity
chef-recipe the most fundamental configuration element in Chef
android-location android-location refers to the location API provided by the Android framework.
typescript-typings the simple way to manage and install TypeScript definitions
here-api the tag for information about the HERE platform APIs, which allow you to embed HERE Maps into your own web apps, and retrieve map information such as addresses and coordinates
opencart2.x Opencart version 2.0.0.0 and above, released 2014-10-01
windows-applications Applications which run on the Windows OS
arangodb a multi-model NoSQL database with a flexible data model for documents, graphs, and key-values collections.
ibm-watson-cognitive A collection of REST APIs and SDKs that use cognitive computing to solve complex problems
memcpy a C standard library function used for copying a block of memory bytes from one place to another.
face-detection a computer technology that determines the locations and sizes of human faces in arbitrary images
apache-nifi an easy to use, powerful, and reliable distributed system to transform and distribute data.
super a keyword or function used to access/invoke members and constructors of a superclass.
decoding the reverse of encoding.
powerbuilder Sybase PowerBuilder — programming language and IDE from Sybase
visual-studio-lightswitch a rapid application development tool for creating data centric Silverlight or HTML5 applications.
zipfile For issues relating to creating and/or utilizing zip files.
ng-grid a datagrid written in AngularJS and jQuery by the AngularUI Team
processbuilder Java wrapper around an Operating System Process
live-streaming the action of streaming a media over the network in real time.
mesos a cluster manager that provides an efficient, scalable, and robust way to share resources across frameworks or applications that are distributed across…
master-detail A master–detail interface displays a master list and the details for the currently selected item.
git-commit git-commit - Record changes to the repository along with a log message.
android-maps-v2 The new Google Maps Android API v2 allows you to offer interactive, feature-rich maps to users of your Android application.
xcode4.3 an integrated development environment , developed by Apple Inc
remote-desktop a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which provides a user with a graphical interface to another computer.
symfony-2.1 the Symfony 2.1.x specific tag
worksheet-function represented by a keyword in an Excel formula that performs some action on input and returns output to the calling procedure, either a worksheet cell or another function.
32-bit In computer architecture, 32-bit integers, memory addresses, or other data units are those that are at most 32 bits wide
ejb-3.1 used for question related to the session bean and message-driven bean component types of the EJB 3.1 programming model.
android-menu Questions regarding designing, implementing and handling menus and action bars in Android
execute In many dialects of SQL, the execute statement is used to invoke a stored procedure.
dynamic-linking a system which allows libraries to remain separate from programs until loaded, contrast static linking.
eager-loading a way to load objects of a certain class and a number of named associations in the same request.
leiningen a build automation and dependency management tool for Clojure projects
dispatcher an object that is used to execute work on a specific thread
fread A binary-safe file read function in C/C++/PHP that returns the specified number of bytes from a stream
cobol COBOL was the product of a US Department of Defense initiative to develop a standard and portable programming language for business applications
child-process For questions regarding child-process
static-members a data field that is shared by all instances of a class or structure for the same program
scalatest The Scala testing framework
sharing for questions about sharing resources in networks.
subscription An arrangement to receive something, typically a publication, regularly.
nib On OS X, a nib file describes the visual elements of your application’s user interface, including windows, views, controls, and many others
glib a general-purpose and cross-platform utility library, which provides many useful data types, macros, type conversions, string utilities, file utilities, a main loop abstraction, and so on.
signalr-hub Hubs provide a higher level RPC framework over a PersistentConnection
xsd-validation used to validate the XML file against the stored schema.
ethereum a blockchain currency with a public ledger
realloc C library function for reallocating a dynamically allocated memory region.
regex-lookarounds zero-width assertions that verify conditions about the context of a match at the current match position.
yocto An open source collaboration project that provides templates, tools and methods to help you create custom Linux-based systems for embedded products regardless of the hardware architecture
hlsl a proprietary shading language developed by Microsoft for use with the Microsoft Direct3D API
joomla-extensions Extensions for Joomla! an open source content management system for web sites, which can be heavily extended
cascade Cascade refers to a table-definition keyword in relational databases; it instructs the query engine to take a certain action , when a primary key is modified, on tables linked by a for…
datediff Date-difference will give difference in the number of days, months, years etc
keydown an event used in writing software that is triggered when a key on the keyboard is being pressed
visual-studio-extensions Products and Extensions for Visual Studio which help you get the most out of Visual Studio.
flutter a beta, open-source, mobile app SDK to help developers and designers build modern mobile apps for iOS and Android.
django-authentication django-authentication refers to the built-in auth module for authentication & authorization that can be extended.
x++ the development language used by Microsoft Dynamics AX
codeception a modern full-stack testing framework for PHP
plsqldeveloper an Integrated Development Environment by Allround Automations that is specifically targeted at the development of stored program units for Oracle Databases.
filesize to mark questions related to file sizes on any file system.
dynamics-ax-2012 one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
homestead an official, pre-packaged Vagrant that provides you a wonderful development environment without requiring you to install PHP, HHVM, a web server, and any other server softwa…
gnupg a cryptography suite implementing secret-key cryptography and public-key cryptography
watin WatiN aims to bring you an easy way to automate web testing with Internet Explorer and Firefox using .Net
animated-gif an image file which displays an animation.
unobtrusive-validation Unobtrusive Validation refers to a jQuery plugin created by Microsoft used in conjunction with the jQuery Validate plugin
mschart refers to the System.Windows.Forms.DataVisualization.Charting and System.Web.ui.datavisualization.charting Namespaces, used to create controls for charting using the .NET framework.
ssh-keys pairs of sequences of randomly generated bytes that provide the basis of SSH public key cryptography and challenge-response authentication
ebay an online auction and shopping website
wireless Wireless refers to the technology allowing transfer of information between two points that are not physically connected.
django-celery Django-celery provides Celery integration for Django.
cross-validation a method of evaluating and comparing predictive systems in statistics and machine learning.
rhel a distribution of the Linux operating system targeted at enterprise customers with emphasis on long-term stability and support.
database-backups intended to preserve data by serializing database tables to a text format or exporting them to a binary format
vuex a Flux-inspired Application Architecture for Vue.js.
bookmarklet a browser bookmark for a URL using the 'javascript:' protocol
android-gallery Questions regarding using Android gallery application
windows-server-2012-r2 a version of server operating system Microsoft Windows Server 2012 released on October 18, 2013
sticky an element of the page that stays at a fixed position on the screen, making it always visible.
zend-db Database access component for the Zend Framework.
linear-programming An optimization technique for minimizing or maximizing a function of several variables in the presence of constraints where all relationships are linear.
linked-server The SQL Server feature makes it possible to execute commands, such as a SELECT statement, on a remote server.
google-container-engine Google Kubernetes Engine takes care of provisioning and maintaining the underlying virtual machine cluster, scaling your application, and operational logistics lik…
singly-linked-list A linked list in which each node only points to the next node in the list, as opposed to a doubly-linked list in which each node points to both the next and the previous nodes.
numerical-methods Algorithms which solves mathematical problems by means of numerical approximation .
jquery-deferred jQuery's deferred can be used to manage callback queues
key-value-observing a technology for observing changes in object properties.
shiro a Java security framework that performs authentication, authorization, cryptography, and session management.
software-design the activity of deciding what properties, elements, responsibilities, interfaces, relationships and interactions are required in order to create an effective piece of software.
rubymine a commercial IDE for Ruby and Ruby on Rails built on JetBrains' IntelliJ IDEA platform.
identifier a name that identifies either a unique object or a unique class of objects.
slickgrid a specialized JavaScript grid/spreadsheet component optimized for high performance, even with many thousands of rows of underlying data.
ole an inter-process communication mechanism based on Component Object Model .
extjs5 Sencha Ext JS
modulo The modulo operation finds the remainder of division of one number by another
qunit a JavaScript unit testing framework, used by the jQuery project to test its code and plugins, but capable of testing any generic JavaScript code.
treemap An implementation of a mapping using a tree
w3c an international community that develops and publishes specifications and guidelines that define technologies like XML, HTML, and CSS.
mathjax an open-source JavaScript engine that makes it easy to embed mathematical equations, symbols, and formulae on a web page
ecto a domain specific language for writing queries and interacting with databases in Elixir.
nancy a lightweight web framework for the .Net platform, inspired by Sinatra
restful-url a style of software architecture for distributed hypermedia systems such as the World Wide Web.
hyperledger an open source collaborative effort created to advance cross-industry blockchain technologies
playback Playing a sound or a video from an existing audio or video file or stream.
libreoffice a free and open source office suite, developed by The Document Foundation
objectify a 3rd party Java data access API specifically designed for Google Cloud Datastore in the App Engine Standard runtime
infowindow a standard class within the Google Maps JavaScript API; it is an overlay that displays content in a floating window above the map and is anchored at a specified location on the map.
flume a distributed, reliable, and available service for efficiently collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log data.
jfilechooser a Java Swing component to provide a simple mechanism for the user to choose a file.
difference may refer to 1) the difference between two numbers or 2) the things that two or more particular objects do not share in common.
polling actively sampling the status of an external device by a client program as a synchronous activity.
textmate a text editor for Mac OS X.
nsurlrequest on iOS , NSURLRequest objects represent a URL load request in a manner independent of protocol and URL scheme
flyway an open-source database migration tool
privileges for questions relating to the general topic of privileges, without reference to any specific operating system or application.
facebook-sdk-4.0 latest set of API for facebook developers
cpu-registers small, fast memory storage used by processors to hold data that is being immediately worked with.
jooq jOOQ stands for Java Object Oriented Querying
finance Finance relates to the management of assets over time under varying conditions, usually in order to make a profit.
mongoose-schema Everything in Mongoose starts with a Schema
jacoco JaCoCo a coverage analysis tool
cpan the Comprehensive Perl Archive Network, a code and documentation archive of over 100,000 open-source Perl modules across more than 25,000 distributions written by more than 10,000 authors
create-table The statement that creates a table in SQL .
aframe For anything related to A-Frame
attr should be used for attribute related issues.
dbpedia a community project focused on transforming Wikipedia content in structured data represented using RDF Language statements
timing a numerical measurement of the how long it takes to execute an instruction or series of instructions
scrollviewer a user interface construct that provides a scrolling area to any control that is placed within it.
scons a cross platform, open source build tool and an alternative to the classic
visio a diagramming tool included as part of the Microsoft Office suite, though it is usually acquired separately
image-segmentation a basic operation in image processing: its purpose is to group similar pixels into coherent regions = segments.
sybase-ase an enterprise grade RDBMS that uses the T-SQL variant of the SQL language
comma used to indicate a separation of elements within a list, such as an array, or parameters accepted by a function.
embedded-jetty a widely used web container written in Java and produced by Eclipse.
channel A communication construct enabling sending of objects between execution threads
auto-update software functionality that allows a program to maintain whether it or the supporting data is up-to-date in an automatic fashion.
boost-python Library for intuitive and tight integration between c++ and python.
mouselistener A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device
xtext to ask about Eclipse Xtext which is a framework for developing domain specific or general purpose programming languages.
tidyr an R package by Hadley Wickham for cleaning and reshaping data, designed to use the magrittr pipe so as to interact well with dplyr and similar pipeable packages which emphasize tidy da…
scrolltop The scrollTop method
forecasting Forecasting involves estimating values that have not yet been observed.
irc an internet based chat protocol
snapshot the state of something at a specific point in time
mysql-connector MySQL provides standards-based drivers for JDBC, ODBC, and .NET enabling developers to build database applications in their language of choice
sharepoint-online A cloud-based service, hosted by Microsoft, that provides SharePoint collaboration platform as an online service.
nant a build tool for .Net, aiming to support all the various versions of the .Net framework, including all versions of Microsoft .NET, Compact Framework and Silverlight, Mono and Moonlight
sitecore8 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
uiactivityviewcontroller a standard view controller that you can use to offer various services from your application .
hibernate-search a Hibernate sub-project providing synchronization between entities managed by Hibernate ORM and full-text indexing services like Apache Lucene and Elasticsearch
shapes Questions related to drawing or defining shapes.
qwidget key part of the Qt C++ classes
owl-carousel a touch-enabled jQuery plugin that lets you create a beautiful responsive carousel slider.
avcapturesession iPhone - To perform a real-time or offline capture, you instantiate an AVCaptureSession object and add appropriate inputs , and outputs …
asp.net-core-webapi Questions about ASP.NET Core web APIs and web apps that are not dependent on MVC Views or Razor Pages
zk an open-source Ajax framework for modern Java web applications.
codec an implementation of compression and decompression of digital data streams and signals in different scales
azure-application-insights For programming questions about Microsoft's Azure Application Insights, which is a monitoring service for deployed live applications, allowing collection of availability, performance, usage, and other…
hortonworks-data-platform Use for questions related to the Hortonworks Data Platform , an open-source Apache Hadoop data platform
facebook-page representing real world entities like organizations, businesses, celebrities, and bands to broadcast great information in an official, public manner to people who choose to connect …
ebean an open source Object Relational Mapping tool
wizard a user interface type that presents a user with a sequence of dialog boxes that lead the user through a series of well-defined steps
asp.net-identity-2 The second release of the ASP.NET Identity system which was designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems
overwrite a process of replacing content with other content in place
path-finding Pathfinding generally refers to the problem of finding the shortest route between two points, subject to any obstacles
bubble-sort a simple sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly stepping through the list to be sorted, comparing each pair of adjacent items and swapping them if they are in the wrong order
fluid a an XML-based templating system for TYPO3
xmldocument The original .NET type that represents an XML document
crosstab A cross tab, also known as a , is a method of summarizing data in tabular form
read-eval-print-loop the most common model for an interactive interpreter - it Reads input, Evaluates it, Prints it, and Loops back to the beginning.
spring-ws a product of the Spring community focused on creating document-driven Web services
django-south Tool to provide consistent, easy-to-use and database-agnostic database migrations for Django applications
shapefile a popular geospatial vector data format for geographic information systems software
r-caret an R package for classification and regression training
resque a Redis-backed library for creating background jobs, placing those jobs on multiple queues, and processing them later.
cloud9-ide an open-source, online development environment that combines a live test server with built-in support of several languages.
statsmodels a Python module that allows users to explore data, estimate statistical models, and perform statistical tests.
angularjs-ng-click The `ngClick` directive allows you to specify custom behavior when element is clicked.
transitions a progression from one state to another, often in user interfaces or state-machines.
gridbaglayout a flexible Java Swing layout manager that aligns components vertically, horizontally or along their baseline without requiring that the components be of the same size
dbi a database access module for the Perl programming language
android-alarms the facility provided by Android through AlarmManager to start an intent at a given time .
adal The Azure Active Directory Authentication Libraries gives you the ability to add support for Microsoft's cloud identity APIs to your application, including support for Office365 and Work Accoun…
infopath a component of the Microsoft Office Suite of applications that allows for the creation of XML based form templates and the collection of structured data.
flags atomic data structures used to identify state in a program.
msdeploy Microsoft command line tool for deploying, synchronizing and packaging web applications, content and configuration settings to IIS Web Servers.
custom-attributes user defined attributes which enable providing metadata for application elements such as assemblies, classes and methods.
android-broadcast A broadcast intent on the Android platform is a special intent which is often invoked by the system on an event and catched by a BroadcastReceiver.
one-to-one Refers to the quantity of an entity as a relationship to another entity
sha256 sha256 stands for Secure Hash Algorithm-256
terraform A tool for building, changing, and versioning infrastructure safely and efficiently.
word NOT about Microsoft Word or text editing* A word is the amount of data that a processor can fit in its general-purpose registers -- effectively the amount of data the processor …
docker-machine docker-machine creates Docker Engines on your computer, on cloud providers, and/or in your data center, and then configures the Docker client to securely talk to them.
dart-polymer a Dart port of Polymer created and maintained by the Dart team.
method-overloading the concept of multiple methods with the same name, but different signatures.
tortoisehg a Windows shell extension and a series of cross-platform applications for the Mercurial distributed revision control system.
systemd a system management daemon designed for Linux
jest a Java HTTP Rest client for ElasticSearch
wildfly-8 a release in a series of JBoss open-source application server offerings
phone-number a sequence of digits used to call from one telephone line to another in a public switched telephone network
angle A shape, formed by two lines or rays diverging from a common point .
amazon-emr a web service that enables businesses, researchers, data analysts, and developers to easily and cost-effectively process vast amounts of data
osmdroid osmdroid provides Tools / Views to interact with OpenStreetMap-Data, as a close to drop in replacement for the MapView class, with additions.
tableviewcell null
translate To translate means to convert a program written in one language into a semantically equivalent program written in another, usually a lower level, language.
ntlm a suite of Microsoft security protocols that provides authentication, integrity, and confidentiality to users.
openjpa an open source implementation of the Java Persistence API specification
layout-inflater refers to the Android LayoutInflater class which is used to build a view hierarchy from an xml layout file.
macports a package manager for Mac OS X
postgresql-9.2 for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.2.
chmod a linux/unix command
objective-c++ the union of the Objective-C and C++ syntax sets.
filemaker a cross-platform database development environment.
bootstrapping a series of procedures ran when an application starts up or a request over the web is received
nopcommerce Open source E-commerce Shopping Cart Solution based on ASP.NET MVC and Entity Framework
gdal GDAL is a library for reading and writing raster geospatial data formats.
lazarus an open-source multiplatform RAD environment for the Free Pascal compiler, in the spirit of Delphi, with which it has a fairly high degree of compatibility
substr A function/method that returns part of a string
youtube-api-v3 a REST/JSON API for interacting with YouTube
access-control the process of limiting the access of ability of users or services to certain resources.
intentservice a special implementation of Android service component.
java-ee-7 for questions relating specifically to Java Enterprise Edition 7.
mailgun an online service that provides a set of APIs for sending, receiving, tracking and storing email.
playframework-2.1 based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
bayesian Bayesian refers to methods in probability and statistics named after Thomas Bayes , in particular methods related to statistical inference
gdata GData provides a simple protocol for reading and writing data on the Internet, designed by Google.
credit-card is used for questions related to payment cards
tabbar a ActionScript UI component used for switching between different application states.
websphere-8 Version 8.x of IBM WebSphere Application Server
palindrome A word, phrase, number, or other sequence of units that may be read the same way in either direction, forward or backward.
sfinae not an error
google-closure-compiler part of the Google Closure Tools, a set of tools to help developers build rich web applications with JavaScript.
cakephp-2.1 relates to the 2.1.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
box-api Questions about the API provided by Box, Inc
slack a proprietary cloud-based team collaboration tool.
assign Something related to an assignment operation, i.e
orbeon a solution to build and deploy web forms and comes with Orbeon Form Builder, an open source web-based form designer
yahoo probably looking for or another Yahoo-related tag.
producer-consumer The Producer-Consumer Problem is a classical example of a multi-process synchronization problem
next Coming immediately after in a sequence; subsequent
nagios a open source monitoring solution
template-specialization Template specialization refers to programmer-generated explicit specialization of templates for specific types.
parquet a columnar storage format for Hadoop.
pcap pcap consists of an application programming interface for capturing network traffic
gnome an open source desktop environment
drawrect Method in UIView/NSView class
bundling-and-minification used to optimize web content by reducing the number of requests to the server and as well as the size of requested assets .
itemscontrol present a collection of items.
ngrx ngrx provides a set of libraries for reactive programming in Angular 2 applications.
recurrent-neural-network a class of artificial neural network where connections between units form a directed cycle.
addition a mathematical operation that represents combining collections of objects together into a larger collection
install4j a multi-platform installer builder for Java-based applications
ipa an iPhone application archive file which stores an iPhone application.
doctype A doctype declaration defines a document's type definition
criteria-api for questions related to the Java Persistence Criteria API which is used to define queries through the construction of object-based query definition objects, rather than use…
group-concat a function which returns a string representation of the concatenated, non-NULL values of a group
at-command text commands for communicating with a modem
pixels In digital imaging, a pixel, or pel , is a single point in a raster image, or the smallest addressable screen element in a display device; it is the smallest unit of picture that can …
google-docs-api The Google Documents List API allows client applications to programmatically access and manipulate user data stored in Google Docs.
device-driver a specialized software component which allows a system to interact with a particular type or class of hardware device, such as a keyboard, ser…
context-free-grammar In formal language theory, a context-free grammar is a grammar subject to a special constraint: that the left-hand side consist of a single non-terminal symbol
nightwatch.js an easy to use Node.js based End-to-End testing solution for browser based apps and websites.
robotium an Android test automation framework that has full support for native and hybrid applications
google-oauth2 Google APIs use the OAuth 2.0 protocol for authentication and authorization
class-design Refers to structural definition of class unit in object-oriented languages.
authorize.net a popular payment gateway used to process credit card transactions
java-2d an API for drawing two-dimensional graphics using the Java programming language.
typescript2.0 Tag for questions specific to new features in TypeScript 2.x
jogl the Java Binding for the OpenGL and OpenGL ES API
sharepoint-designer A piece of software for a user to further develop their SharePoint site beyond its basic capabilities by manipulating the design and behavior of the site.
powershell-v4.0 For topics and problems related specifically to Windows PowerShell 4.0
schedule the arrangement of events in time.
rectangles a geometric shape: any quadrilateral with four right angles
webdeploy a command-line tool from Microsoft that is used for synchronizing Web sites and Web servers
window-functions a type of SQL operation that aggregates over a partition of the result set.
gawk a free implementation of awk with manifold useful extensions.
c3p0 a Java library for JDBC drivers with JNDI-bindable DataSources, including DataSources that implement Connection and Statement Pooling, as described by the jdbc3 spec and jdbc2 std extension.
doubly-linked-list a computer science data structure consisting of nodes
freepascal a multi-dialect, multi-platform Object Pascal compiler
membership-provider Membership providers provide the interface between Microsoft ASP.NET's membership service and membership data sources
beagleboneblack a community-supported development platform for developers and hobbyists.
wpftoolkit a collection of WPF features and components that are being made available outside of the normal .NET Framework ship cycle
extbase a TYPO3 CMS extension development framework working closely with TYPO3 Fluid and TYPO3's Extension Builder.
lighttpd a lightweight and high-performance event-driven web server.
amp-html a project led by Google to make the mobile web faster
python-idle Python's Integrated Development and Learning Environment
xunit the collection name for unit-testing compliant frameworks following a specific architecture
unit-of-work One of the common design patterns in enterprise software development which allows one to maintain a list of objects affected by a business transaction and coordinates the writing out of changes and th…
preprocessor A program that processes input data to produce output that is used as input to another program
publishing Releasing software to users
event-log a file used to record a timeline of events along with contextual metadata
paypal-adaptive-payments The Adaptive Payments API enables an entity to send money in many different scenarios, from simple to complex
uinavigationitem on iOS, the UINavigationItem class encapsulates information about a navigation item pushed on a UINavigationBar object’s stack
xcodebuild Questions related to the use of the command-line xcodebuild tool, which is part of Apple's Xcode toolset
cloud-code This code runs in the Parse Cloud rather than running on a mobile device
python-module a file containing Python definitions and statements.
cube a method of storing data in a multidimensional form, generally for reporting purposes
ibatis an object-relational mapping framework for Java
hapijs a rich Node.js framework for building web applications and services
directory-structure Questions that relate to the organization of files and directories in a filesystem.
msdn Microsoft Developer Network http://msdn.microsoft.com/
lattice a package that forms part of base R and allows the creation of trellis-type graphics.
python-decorators functions that conveniently alter functions, methods or classes using a special syntax.
hana SAP SE’s implementation of in-memory database technology
knockout-2.0 an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model pattern
extjs3 the third major version of JavaScript library for building Rich Internet Applications .
long-polling an emulation of pushing data, implemented by repeated polling with delayed response.
javascript-framework a library of pre-written JavaScript which allows for easier development of JavaScript-based applications, especially for AJAX and other web-centric technologies.
ontouchevent triggered when a user 'touches' a GUI component
high-availability a software design approach and implementation that ensures a prearranged level of operational performance will be met during a contractual measurement period.
jquery-ui-accordion Accordion widget from jquery-ui that displays collapsible content panels for presenting information in a limited amount of space.
xilinx a major brand of Field Programmable Gate Arrays .
global-asax A special file in the ASP.NET framework, it provides a simplified interface to create hooks into system events in the life cycle of a web application and web pages in that application.
newrelic a web and mobile application performance monitoring service for Ruby, Java, .NET, PHP, Python, Node.js, Go, Android, and iOS apps.
jta Java Transaction API specifies standard Java interfaces between a transaction manager and the parties involved in a distributed transaction system: the resource manager, the application server, …
react-native-ios React-native-ios: refers everything related to react-native ios development
dalvik a virtual machine used by Google's Android operating system.
archlinux a Linux distribution intended to be lightweight and simple
uiactionsheet deprecated in iOS 8
wsh For questions relating to Windows Script Host , a language-independent scripting host for the Windows operating system
amazon-elb Amazon Elastic Load Balancing automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
area a quantity that expresses the extent of a two-dimensional surface or shape, or planar lamina, in the plane.
jasperserver JasperReports Server is a stand-alone and embeddable reporting server.
magento-1.8 an e-commerce platform written in PHP atop the Zend framework, available under both open-source and commercial licenses.
coldfusion-10 a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
cat a standard Unix program used to concatenate and display files
webservice-client An application which calls on and consumes the response of a web service.
pyspark-sql for questions related to the SQL module in PySpark.
spring-test the testing module of the Spring Framework, providing support for unit and integration testing with JUnit and TestNG, including various mocks for unit testing and the Spring TestConte…
gac is for issues relating to the global assembly cache.
lua-table refers to the table type in Lua that implements associative arrays.
relative Something having, or standing in, some relation to something else.
playframework-2.3 based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
cloudant is an open source non-relational, distributed database service that requires zero-configuration.
crystal-reports-2008 Refers to version 2008 of Crystal Reports , a business-intelligence application used to design and generate reports
expand Expand: as in collapsible views
ecmascript-5 the name of the Ecma International Standard 262
html.dropdownlistfor Returns an HTML select element for each property in the object that is represented by the specified expression using the specified list items and tag attributes
enterprise-architect a UML analysis and design tool by Sparx Systems It covers aspects of software, business and systems modeling and design and is suitable for requirements gathering through anal…
self A keyword used in instance methods to refer to the object on which they are working.
uart A Universal Asynchronous Receiver/Transmitter is used for serial communications over a computer or peripheral device serial port.
simplecursoradapter A basic adapter to map columns from a cursor to TextViews or ImageViews defined in an XML layout file.
gpio a generic pin on a chip whose behavior can be controlled by the user at run time.
email-integration Questions related to integrating e-mail functionality in an existing application
chatbot an automated program that communicates with humans
relation any subset of S1 x S2 x ..
tail-recursion a recursive strategy in which a function does some amount of work, then invokes itself
nsoperationqueue On Mac OS X, the NSOperationQueue class regulates the execution of a set of NSOperation objects.
url-encoding a mechanism for encoding information in a Uniform Resource Identifier under certain circumstances.
shutdown This refers to the process where the system state is systematically changed to the fully inactive state
launch an event at which something, such as an application/program is started.
hyper-v the Microsoft Windows hypervisor starting in Windows Server 2008 R2 and also running on Hyper-V Server 2008, Hyper-V Server 2012, Windows Server 2012, and as an optional component of Window…
case-sensitive case sensitive when uppercase and lowercase characters are treated differently.
controltemplate The ControlTemplate allows you to specify the visual structure of a control
sentiment-analysis Sentiment analysis refers to categorizing some given data as to what sentiment it expresses
fine-uploader A dependency-free, open source, native browser upload tool
private-key Private key that occurs in asymmetric cryptography algorithms such as RSA and Diffie-Hellman as the counterpart to a public key
managed-bean a Java EE specific term for Javabean classes which are designed to act as a controller in some MVC application
bootloader a program that loads the operating system into the computer's memory and set it into execution
ag-grid a client-side JavaScript grid which is designed to be framework agnostic
circular-dependency a relation between two or more modules which either directly or indirectly depend on each other to function properly.
omnet++ an extensible, modular, component-based C++ simulation library and framework, primarily for building network simulators
smtpclient on .NET Framework , allows applications to send e-mail by using the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol
c-strings represented as a sequence of characters followed by a null terminator .
cache-control The HTTP `Cache-Control` header specifies directives which override default HTTP caching behaviour.
nsfetchrequest On macOS 10.4+ and iOS 3.0+, an instance of NSFetchRequest describes the search criteria used to retrieve data from a persistent store
clang++ a C, C++, and Objective-C compiler which encompasses preprocessing, parsing, optimization, code generation, assembly, and linking
salt Cryptography function that takes random bits and a string and uses a one-way hash to provide a new string that can be used for authentication without providing access to the ori…
verification Verification checks whether a product complies with specifications and further fixed conditions.
delete-operator In the C++ programming language, the delete operator calls the destructor of the given argument, and returns memory allocated by new back to the heap.
handsontable a composite spreadsheet component for apps and websites written in JavaScript and HTML.
google-authentication All authentication using google accounts that includes plugins, application, games etc
file-descriptor an index for an entry in a kernel-resident data structure containing the details of all open files
deferred Deferred objects simplify callback management in an asynchronous environment, mitigating the that results from too many levels of nested callbacks.
word-wrap the feature of continuing on a new line when a line is full, such that each line fits in the viewable window, allowing text to be read from top to bottom without any hori…
vert.x an event driven toolkit that runs on the JVM allowing the development of asynchronous web applications in Java, Javascript, Scala, Ruby, Ceylon, Kotlin and Groovy.
strtok a Standard C function for splitting a string in tokens
npgsql the .NET data provider for PostgreSQL
git-push Pushes the changes from a local Git repo to remote
jslint a tool for JavaScript developed by Douglas Crockford, a well-known developer also responsible for JSON, JSMin, ADSafe and parts of YUI
filesystemwatcher a .NET component class that listens to the file system change notifications and raises events when a directory, or file in a directory, changes.
slack-api a real-time messaging, archiving and search tool for modern teams
netezza a line of high-performance data warehouse appliances and advanced in-database analytics applications for uses including enterprise data warehousing, business intelligence, and predictive an…
floating-accuracy Concerning the accuracy of operations performed on floating point numbers.
behat a behavior driven development framework for PHP
influxdb an open-source time series, events, and metrics database written in Go, with no external dependencies.
checkstyle a static analysis tool for checking compliance of Java code to standards
apc a free and open opcode cache for PHP
xmlreader xmlreader - Represents a reader that provides fast, noncached, forward-only access to XML data.
uiinterfaceorientation The orientation of the application's user interface in Apple OS.
nsoperation an abstract class you use to encapsulate the code and data associated with a single task
jscript a scripting language based on the ECMAScript standard, created by Microsoft and implemented in a range of environments
azure-resource-manager a framework for deploying and managing applications across resources and managing groups of resources as single logical units on the Microsoft Azure cloud computing platform.
data-conversion refers to the process of converting the data type of one piece of information into another type.
postgresql-9.4 for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.4
java-9 for questions specific to Java 9, which is version 9 of the Java platform, released on the 21st of September 2017
uisearchcontroller The UISearchController class defines an interface that manages the presentation of a search bar
lan a computer network that connects computers and devices in a limited geographical area such as home, school, computer laboratory or office building
wtforms a flexible forms validation and rendering library for Python.
stderr The standard error output stream is typically used by a program to output error messages or diagnostics.
titan a highly scalable graph database optimized for storing and querying massive-scale graphs containing billions of vertices and edges distributed across a multi-machine cluster
movieclip A display object with a timeline in Actionscript on the Adobe Flash platform
date-formatting the process of displaying, handling or converting a calendar date to a specific format.
ignite a Java library that provides high-performance, in-memory computing capabilities for large data sets
enterprise Enterprise refers to software intended to facilitate the operation of one or more types of business entities, such as cooperatives, companies, universities, and government organizations.
phaser-framework a JavaScript framework for game development on desktop and mobile platforms
contact-form-7 a WordPress contact form plugin
between The SQL BETWEEN Operator selects values within a range
sql-execution-plan the breakdown of steps the database engine uses to get a result.
class-diagram UML diagram describing object classes and relations among them.
activiti a workflow and Business Process Management engine
keyevent triggered when a key is pressed on a keyboard input device.
7zip may refer either to the open-source 7zip compression container format or to the program of the same name that is the flagship implementation of the compression format
scalaz Scalaz provides type classes and purely functional data structures for Scala
shiny-server Shiny Server provides a platform on which you can host multiple Shiny applications on a single server, each with their own URL or port.
netcdf a set of software libraries and self-describing, machine-independent data formats that support the creation, access, and sharing of array-oriented scientific data.
okhttp3 a major release focused on API simplicity and consistency.
uitapgesturerecognizer a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for single or multiple taps.
endpoint a general tag used for all kinds of logic that reside in some receiving or sending scenario.
fullpage.js create full screen scrolling websites
unsigned a variable that can only represent non-negative numbers.
locationmanager The LocationManager class in Android provides access to the system location services
jtextpane A Java Swing text component that can be marked up with attributes that are represented graphically.
custom-component a generic term for a manually developed UI component for a component based UI framework
gpuimage an open source iOS, macOS, and Linux framework for GPU-based image and video processing
recursive-query The ability to run recursive queries in SQL
ssis-2012 Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
tapestry a Java web application framework that is organized around building pages from reusable components
spray an open-source toolkit for building REST/HTTP-based integration layers on top of Scala and Akka.
alfresco-share a web-based collaboration environment for managing documents, wiki content, blogs and more.
informatica a software development company which provides multiple UI based tools for Data Integration, ensuring Data Quality and Master Data Management
nose an alternate Python unittest discovery and running process
messages a communication containing some information, news, advice, request, or the like, sent by messenger, radio, telephone, or other means.
telerik-mvc Questions about Telerik ASP.NET MVC Extensions
unordered-map an associative container storing a combination of a key value and a mapped value allowing for quick retrieval of elements based on their keys.
word2vec This tool provides an efficient implementation of the continuous bag-of-words and skip-gram architectures for computing vector representations of words
outlook-2010 the release of Microsoft's popular Outlook platform that debuted in July 2010
alexa an intelligent personal assistant developed by Amazon, made popular by the Amazon Echo and the Amazon Echo Dot devices developed by Amazon Lab126.
laravel-blade the simple, yet powerful templating engine provided with Laravel
easeljs a JavaScript library for working with the HTML5 canvas element
movement DO NOT USE - ambiguous
pywin32 a close wrapper around Microsoft Windows API
fingerprint Biometric modality that matches images of finger tips.
buffer-overflow Usually occurs when you attempt to copy data into a buffer without checking for sufficient space, causing data to be overwritten in neighboring cells.
qt-designer Qt's tool for designing and building graphical user interfaces from Qt components.
vuforia An Augmented Reality Software Development Kit for mobile devices that enables the creation of Augmented Reality applications.
java.util.concurrent Java package which contains utility classes commonly useful in concurrent programming
modx an open source CMS and web application framework written in PHP, using a MySQL or MSSQL database backend.
bezier a parametric curve frequently used in computer graphics and related fields
cocoa-bindings Apple’s implementation of the Model-View-Controller design pattern for Mac OS X applications
flask-wtforms Flask-WTF offers simple integration with WTForms
visual-foxpro a data-centric, object-orientated, procedural, programming language from Microsoft
textblock a UI control for displaying small amounts of text in WPF .
restangular an AngularJS service to handle Rest API Restful Resources properly and easily
mobile-application designed to run on a hand-held device, such as a smartphone, pda, or tablet.
grpc A general RPC framework over HTTP/2, initially developed at Google
sqldatareader Provides a way of reading a forward-only stream of rows from a SQL Server database.
amazon-route53 a highly available and scalable Domain Name System web service
database-normalization the process of organizing the fields and tables of a relational database to minimize redundancy and dependency
listadapter an Extended Adapter that is the bridge between a ListView or GridView and the data that backs the it
xstream a simple Java library to serialize objects to XML and back again.
pandas-groupby To be used for grouping variables together based on a given condition
shipping transportation of goods by sea or some other means
void-pointers a pointer that points to a memory location with no specified type.
spam ON QUESTIONS THAT ARE SPAM, we have a special flag for that! Questions about bypassing somebody else's spam filter are also not welcome
javacv JavaCV provides wrappers to commonly used computer vision libraries, OpenCV in particular
keytool Key and Certificate Management Tool: manages a keystore of cryptographic keys, X.509 certificate chains, and trusted certificates.
friendly-url a website address that does not contain a query string or complex strings in the URI, instead relying on a human-readable, SEO-friendly resource path after the website authority
dpi DPI stands for Dots Per Inch
postfix-mta a free, open-source, widely used cross-platform mail server , available on all common platforms
microphone an acoustic-to-electric transducer or sensor that converts sound into an electrical signal.
toad a database query tool from Dell Software
comparable implemented by a class to indicate that it can be compared to another object and therefore ordered.
jboss6.x Version 6 of the JBoss Application Server
dst the tag for Daylight Saving Time issues
isolatedstorage a data storage mechanism for Windows applications that provides isolation and safety by defining standardized ways of associating code with saved data
autoconf GNU Autoconf creates a shell script `configure` that is used to configure software for compilation for UNIX-like operating systems.
react-router-v4 React Router - A complete routing library for React inspired by Ember's routing system
counting the action of finding the number of elements of a finite set of objects.
dbus a message bus system, which allows client programs to call procedures on a service - basically, the machine-local equivalent to XML-RPC and SOAP.
json-deserialization the process of converting a json string into an instance of an object, often a class.
ffi a mechanism for one language to interact with software written in another language.
impala the open source, native analytic database for Apache Hadoop
titanium-alloy An MVC-inspired Appcelerator framework for the Titanium SDK, with focus on rapid development/prototyping
rules very broad, try being more specific by using tags relevant to your problem
azure-ad-b2c a cloud identity management solution for web and mobile applications targeting your customers .
prefix a part of a word attached to a beginning of a word which modifies the meaning of that stem.
jboss-arquillian a testing platform for the JVM that enables developers to create automated integration, functional and acceptance tests for Java middleware.
insert-update A mixed flavour of data entry mode and data modification mode
lotusscript a dialect of the BASIC programming language used by Lotus Notes and other IBM Lotus Software products
akka-stream Akka implementation for handling streaming data on the JVM
asp.net-2.0 For issues relating to development with ASP.NET, version 2.0.
symbian a discontinued embedded operating system and software platform for smartphones.
rails-routing The component of the Ruby on Rails framework responsible for mapping between HTTP requests and application resources .
firebaseui a binding library that simplifies developing applications for iOS and Android with Firebase.
gensim a free Python framework designed to automatically extract semantic topics from documents, as efficiently and painlessly as possible.
production commonly referred to as the stage in software lifecycle where it's available to be used by the intended end user.
feature-extraction In pattern recognition and in image processing, feature extraction is a special form of dimensionality reduction
tidyverse DO NOT USE if your question relates to one or two components of the tidyverse, such as dplyr or ggplot2
togglebutton A GUI control used for selecting 1 of 2 states.
qthread a threading class provided by the cross-platform Qt framework.
automake a tool provided by GNU for the purpose of automating the generation of portable, configurable Makefiles.
grafana an open-source web application for visualizing time-series databases, such as InfluxDB, Graphite, Prometheus and OpenTSDB
salt-stack a Python-based open-source configuration management software and remote execution engine.
lwuit Lightweight User Interface Toolkit - widget-based UI library for J2ME enabled mobile devices
file-rename rename-file means changing name of a file
controllers Controller provides a centralized entry point for handling requests
explorer the file manager and navigation tool that exists in Microsoft Windows operating systems
cgcontext The CGContextRef opaque type represents a Quartz 2D drawing destination.
transactionscope a .NET class used to mark a block of code as transactional
office365api The Office 365 API lets developers build apps that use data stored within Office365
apache-karaf an enterprise grade OSGi runtime/container, with configurable framework implementation
detect overbroad and should not be used
behavior only when is the name of a language/framework construct.
elmah ELMAH is an application-wide error logging facility for ASP.NET that is completely pluggable.
cdata data that will not be parsed as markup in XML and SGML documents.
uiactivityindicatorview On iOS, you can use an activity indicator to show that a task is in progress
moss Microsoft Office SharePoint Server is a member of Microsoft's SharePoint server product family.
mpdf a PHP library for generating PDF files from HTML with Unicode/UTF-8 and CJK support
console.log method of the console object which logs the given object in the Browser's JS console.
glm For questions relating to generalized linear models
sign a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document.
webapp2 a lightweight Python web framework compatible with Google App Engine's webapp.
nstextfield NSTextField object belongs to Apple's class
base used to represent other numbers
pagespeed A set of tools from Google for applying performance best practices to web pages.
delphi-2009 a reference to a specific version of Delphi
cultureinfo Represents information about a specific culture including the names of the culture, the writing system, and the calendar used, as well as access to culture-specific objects that provide information fo…
immutable.js Immutable.js provides Persistent Immutable List, Stack, Map, OrderedMap, Set, OrderedSet and Record
highlighting make chosen words or phrases more visually prominent
listviewitem Represents an item in a ListView control.
meanjs a full-stack JavaScript solution for building web applications using MongoDB, Express, AngularJS, and Node.js.
dynamics-crm-online a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
jshint A community-driven tool to detect errors and potential problems in JavaScript code and to enforce coding conventions.
pool A pool describes a cache of resources that an application can draw from to save instantiation time.
uikeyboard an iOS object used to represent a keyboard
sqldatasource The SqlDataSource control enables you to use a Web control to access data located in a relational database, including Microsoft SQL Server and Oracle databases
disk Anything related to disk-like storage media, like hard-disks, CDs, DVDs, etc
io-redirection used in shell scripting
flush Flush means clearing all the buffers for a stream
hmac In cryptography, HMAC is a specific construction for calculating a message authentication code involving a cryptographic hash function in combination wit…
addressbook An address book or a name and address book is a book or a database used for storing entries called contacts.
lm used to fit linear models in R
jdialog The main Java Swing class for creating a dialog window.
zoo an R package that provides an S3 class with methods for totally ordered indexed observations.
duplicate-removal for questions about removing duplicate data.
myisam a non-transactional storage engine for MySQL
taglib a shortened form of
date-range Date-range refers to a range of dates, i.e
subroutine A subroutine is a portion of code within a larger program, which performs a specific task and can be relatively independent of the remaining code
return-type is for questions dealing with the type of the variable or value returned by a function.
ls A utility in Unix-like systems such as Linux used for listing files and directories.
httpwebresponse Provides an HTTP-specific implementation of the WebResponse class
bluej a popular Java IDE aimed at teaching the principles of object oriented programming.
email-validation the process of deciding whether a given string is a valid email-address or not.
information-retrieval an area of study concerning with retrieving documents, information or metadata from a collection of unstructured or semi-structured data.
uppercase capital letters.
image-recognition Classification of a detected object into different known categories.
facebook-messenger an instant messaging service and software application which provides text and voice communication
spring-tool-suite Spring Tool Suite provides the best Eclipse-powered development environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications
server-sent-events a a part of the HTML5 specification
sha a family of digest algorithms , i.e
lint One of the first static analyzers was the Lint utility which appeared in 1979 as part of the Unix 7 distribution kit
django-allauth a set of pluggable django apps for authentication, registration, account management as well as 3rd party account authentication
checkboxlist The CheckBoxList control provides a multi selection check box group that can be dynamically generated with data binding.
android-databinding Data Binding Library to write declarative layouts and minimize the glue code necessary to bind your application logic and layouts
jetbrains Please try to avoid using this tag; use one of the more specific product tags if you have a specific product question
mandrill a new way for apps to send transactional email
fileinputstream a Java class meant for reading streams of raw bytes.
jboss5.x is for questions relating specifically to the 5.x releases of JBoss Application Server.
result the final consequence of a sequence of actions or events expressed qualitatively or quantitatively.
crossfilter a JavaScript library for exploring large multivariate datasets in the browser.
react-bootstrap Twitter Bootstrap 3 components built with ReactJS, for ReactJS applications
tabular Tabular indicates a display format that mimics a table entity.
dynamic-data asynchronously changed as further updates to the information become available.
android-sdk-tools a downloadable component for the Android SDK
fragment-shader executed for each sample taken from a rasterized primitive
weblogic-10.x The 10.x release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE application server suite from Oracle
hotkeys Hotkeys provide quick access to user interface application or system actions via combinatorial key presses.
google-admin-sdk The Google Admin SDK allows developers to write applications to manage G Suite domains, migrate from and integrate with existing IT infrastructure, create users, update settings, audit activity, and m…
deep-copy A deep copy duplicates the object or variable being pointed to so that the destination receives its own local copy
facet a technique for data visualization which makes it easier to compare groups inside your data.
knockout-mapping-plugin an open source Knockout.js plugin that simplifies the mapping a plain JavaScript object or JSON string to a Knockout view model.
android-3.0-honeycomb API level 11 of the mobile operating system developed by Google
labview LabVIEW stands for Laboratory Virtual Instrumentation Engineering Workbench and is a graphical programming system by National Instruments
vector-graphics the use of geometrical primitives such as points, lines, curves, and shapes or polygon, which are all based on mathematical equations, to represent images in computer graphics
sample Small part of or a selection from something , intended to show the structure, style, or nature of the whole.
spring-amqp Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
effects Non functional enhancements of user interaction with a product
hang A hang occurs if a program ceases to respond to inputs.
android-relativelayout Android layout that displays child views in relative positions to each other or to the parent view.
cell-array a built-in container class allowing for the storage of different types of data in each of the array.
boot2docker a lightweight Linux distribution based on Tiny Core Linux made specifically to run Docker containers
swagger-2.0 a specification and framework implementation for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful web services
autocad Drafting and design software.
xcode-ui-testing UI Testing in Xcode was introduced in Xcode 7, allowing a developer to write UI tests in Swift/Objective-C
rvest a package for R which provides functions for scraping information from web pages.
arkit the Augmented Reality framework introduced in iOS 11.0, which integrates the iOS device camera and motion features to produce augmented reality experiences.
arkit the Augmented Reality framework introduced in iOS 11.0, which integrates the iOS device camera and motion features to produce augmented reality experiences.
three20 an open-source Objective-C library originally created at Facebook, that provides a number of features for people writing iOS applications.
android-appwidget custom views that can be placed on the home screen of an Android device.
bxslider a fully responsive jQuery content slider with many flexible customization features
findbugs A program which uses static analysis to look for bugs in Java code.
mkdir The mkdir command in the Unix, DOS, OS/2 and Microsoft Windows operating systems is used to make a new directory
django-class-based-views Django views that are represented as classes
xlrd a python library to extract data from Microsoft Excel spreadsheet files
breadcrumbs A navigation aid used in user interfaces
provisioning Act of obtaining resources for usage.
transfer the process of moving data from one physical or virtual location to another
performancecounter indicators for how much work a program does.
bookmarks a browser storage facility for URLs
i2c a two-wire serial bus
dvcs DVCS stands for Distributed Version Control System.
symbolic-math Symbolic math tools allows for analytically process mathematical expressions - without the necessity of assigning specific numeric values to variables.
openoffice.org OpenOffice.org , a FOSS application suite made up of: Writer, Calc, Impress, Base, Draw, and Math
social The term social refers to a characteristic of living organisms as applied to populations of humans and other animals.
memorystream a kind of stream that has several methods to access and store data in memory.
rfid short for Radio Frequency IDentification
data-migration the movement of data from one location to another and can happen in many forms and many systems
rhino a JavaScript interpreter written in Java.
protected an access specifier in object-oriented languages
ssrs-tablix A SQL Server Reporting Services Tablix Data Region is a control to create lists, tables, and matrices.
atlassian a software company known for developer tools such as JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket, HipChat, and Stash.
openerp-7 an open-source enterprise resource planning software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
macvim a version of the Vim text editor for Mac OS X.
artisan the name of the command-line interface included with Laravel .
timespan An elapsed measurement of time between two events or during which an event, program or a function continues
mkannotationview part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
package.json All npm packages contain a file, usually in the project root, called package.json - this file holds various metadata relevant to the project
custom-adapter an interface which provides the ability to define non-standard iterators for specific data representations.
create-react-app a starter-kit for creating React apps with no build configuration
confluence an enterprise-class collaboration and wiki system.
membership Queries regarding The fact of being a member of a group
system.drawing a namespace of the .NET framework
workspace An area of memory for which to perform operations.
intel-xdk The Intel® XDK development system enables software developers to develop, test, preview and deploy HTML5 web and hybrid apps.
qa the systematic monitoring and evaluation of the various aspects of a project, service or facility to maximize the probability that minimum standards of quality a…
core-image a set of components for near real-time, pixel-accurate image and video processing for cocoa
android-cursoradapter an Android Adapter class which exposes data from a Cursor to an AdapterView.
recommendation-engine For questions relating to recommendation engines, collaborative filtering, and personalization
stringstream stringstream provides an interface to manipulate strings as if they were input/output streams.
watermark information embedded within a file
properties-file either a simple text file or an XML file containing pairs of keys and values
undefined-reference A linker error caused by a missing definition of a symbol used elsewhere in a program
fixtures scopes used for running tests which isolate each test from global namespace pollution and side-effects from previous tests in order to avoid false positives and false negatives
red5 an open source media server written in Java as an alternative to Adobe's proprietary Flash Media Server.
ieee-754 the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers standard for floating-point computation, and is the most common & widely used floating-point standard.
stomp a simple interoperable protocol designed for asynchronous message passing between clients via mediating servers.
rank Rank refers to the relative position, value, worth, complexity, power, level etc
quaternions a mathematical representation of 3D rotations
virtual-reality For programming questions about virtual reality
yii-extensions Custom third party extensions/reusable components for the Yii framework, which provide common and repeatedly used functionalities for web applications
android-2.2-froyo a platform release including user features, developer features, API changes, and bug fixes.
asp.net-core-1.0 now ASP.NET Core 1.0
file-extension A suffix appended to the end of a filename, in order to identify the type of file
resourcedictionary Provides a hash table / dictionary implementation that contains WPF resources used by components and other elements of a W…
tm The `tm` package provides a framework for text mining applications within R.
backwards-compatibility Backward compatibility refers to a software or hardware system that can successfully use interfaces and data from earlier versions of the system.
fileoutputstream a Java class used to write bytes directly to a File or to a FileDescriptor.
dimensions Dimensions of an array define its size and shape -- the arangement of elements in the array
anonymous-types data types which dynamically add a set of properties into a single object without having to first explicitly define a type
generic-programming A style of programming in which algorithms are implemented abstracting from concrete data types
solver a generic term indicating a piece of mathematical software, possibly in the form of a stand-alone computer program or as a software library, that 'solves' a mathematical problem.
nfs an acronym for Network File System, a network file system developed by Sun Microsystems most often associated with the Unix family of operating systems.
android-studio-3.0 Use for questions about using Android Studio, an official IDE targeted at Android development
magicalrecord inspired by the Ruby on Rails ActiveRecord implementation, providing an easier way to interact with Core Data.
instrumentation The process of inserting extra diagnostic code during compilation of a given source code.
assignment-operator assigned to another
account Account allows a user to authenticate to system services and be granted authorization to access them;
loadrunner a commercial performance testing tool supplied by HP
html2canvas a JavaScript HTML-rendering library that lets you take of webpages based on the DOM.
firebase-analytics a free, out-of-the-box analytics solution that inspires actionable insights based on app usage and user engagement
gevent a coroutine-based Python networking library that uses greenlet to provide a high-level synchronous API on top of libevent event loop.
mailto the URI scheme for email addresses
filewriter Java built-in class that allows writing character files.
modernizr an open-source JavaScript library that helps you build the next generation of HTML5 and CSS3-powered websites.
imageicon an implementation of the Icon interface in Java Swing.
permission-denied refers to a situation in which you are refused access to a particular system, file, database, etc
storekit an iOS framework that allows an application to request payment from a user for additional functionality or content.
conventions A generic tag covering any accepted method of doing things, which could include naming, spacing, coding, commenting, etc.
dynamically-generated constructed in response to conditions rather than being invariant or static
unique-constraint an index that sets one or multiple fields to be unique in a data entity
distutils the standard packaging system for Python modules and applications.
csh a command interpreter with a syntax reminiscent of the C programming language.
custom-action custom code provided by a developer to be called during a Windows Installer setup
form-for Form helper to bind a form to a model object in Rails.
mousewheel a hard plastic or rubbery disc on a computer mouse that is perpendicular to the mouse surface
tortoisegit an open-source Windows-based application that allows the Git distributed revision control system to be used directly from Windows Explorer .
google-api-java-client a flexible, efficient, and powerful Java client library for accessing any HTTP-based API on the web, not just Google APIs.
sqldatatypes Concerns data types used with SQL.
recordset a subset of a database table consisting of columns and rows specified by a query language
angular-dart A client-side web framework for Dart
pubnub PubNub offers a publish/subscribe API for realtime data stream messaging for IoT, mobile, and web
geoserver the reference implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium Web Feature Service and Web Coverage Service standards, as well as a high performance certified compliant …
cairo a software library used to provide a vector graphics-based, device-independent API for software developers.
ace-editor a standalone code editor written in JavaScript
reportingservices-2005 a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft
hibernate-validator the reference implementation for JSR 380 - Bean Validation 2.0
apache-tika The Apache Tika™ toolkit detects and extracts metadata and structured text content from various documents using existing parser libraries.
propertygrid .NET control for providing a UI that allows the properties of one or more objects to be viewed and edited.
portforwarding a name given to the combined technique of translating the address and/or port number of a packet to a new destination, possibly accepting such packet in a packe…
ws-security an extension to SOAP for applying security to web-services through XML Signature and XML Encryption.
framebuffer a graphic hardware-independent abstraction layer used to display output to a monitor or display.
node-red a data-flow programming tool for wiring together hardware devices, APIs and online services in new and interesting ways.
weak-references a reference that does not protect the referenced object from collection by a garbage collector
figure A container for images, plots or other graphical elements with some optional meta-information.
javax.imageio The Java Image I/O API contains the basic classes and interfaces for reading/writing BufferedImages and RenderedImages from/to image files and streams.
laravel-eloquent should be applied to reference questions about Laravel's Eloquent ORM
rails-migrations used to track and apply database alterations in a reversible manner.
spotfire a flexible environment for analyzing business and technical data
ode An ODE is a differential equation containing a function or functions of exactly one independent variable.
pull-request made when a developer forks a project, makes changes, and then wants those changes to be included in the main project again
glassfish-4 Fourth version of the popular Java EE open source application server and the reference implementation of the Java EE 7.
easymock a mocking framework for Java.
multitasking the apparent simultaneous execution of two or more tasks by a computer.
maven-assembly-plugin primarily intended to allow users to aggregate the project output along with its dependencies, modules, site documentation, and other files into a single distributable…
tizen an open source, standards-based software platform supported by leading mobile operators, device manufacturers, and silicon suppliers for multiple device categories
vscode-extensions Visual Studio Code Extension API and extension development
blueimp blueimp.net serves as a selection of open source projects by web developer Sebastian Tschan.
diacritics a mark near or through an orthographic or phonetic character or combination of characters indicating a phonetic value different from that given the unmarked or otherwise marked element …
mainframe refers to the class of computers, primarily those from IBM
forum an online discussion site where people can hold conversations in the form of posted messages
openmpi an open source implementation of the Message Passing Interface, a library for distributed memory parallel programming.
mongodb-java a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented database
illegalstateexception About java.lang.IllegalStateException, a general-purpose exception defined in the Java API.
antlr3 Version 3 of ANTLR created and written by Dr
usability the effectiveness, efficiency and satisfaction with which specified users achieve specified goals in particular environments
uipangesturerecognizer a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for panning gestures
same-origin-policy enforced by Web browsers, limits JavaScript in a document loaded from one origin from accessing data from another origin
selecteditem a property used to identify the currently selected item in a collection
android-glide a fast and efficient open source image loading library for Android that wraps media decoding, memory and disk caching, and resource pooling into a simple and easy to use interface.
extraction the act or process of retrieving data out of data sources for further data processing or data storage .
fluent an API which allows method chaining to make code more readable.
akka-http to expose Actors to the web via HTTP and to enable them to consume HTTP services as a client
bson a computer data interchange format used mainly as a data storage and network transfer format in the MongoDB database.
codemirror an in-browser code editor, written in JavaScript
web.py a minimalist web framework for Python.
saxparser an event-based parser for XML documents.
oncreate onCreate refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
h2o an in-memory platform for distributed, scalable machine learning
vim-plugin extensible through plugins, which can be categorized into general utilities, color schemes, file type-specific settings, and syntax definitions.
uitabbaritem The UITabBarItem class implements an item on a tab bar, instances of the UITabBar class
zooming Zooming refers to issues relating to scaling viewed areas in a graphical user interface.
delphi-xe5 a specific version of Delphi released in September 2013
mfmailcomposeviewcontroller The MFMailComposeViewController class provides a standard interface that manages the editing and sending of an email in iOS.
factorial In mathematics, the factorial of a non-negative integer n, denoted by n!, is the product of all positive integers less than or equal to n.
onitemclicklistener an Android listener that can be registered on subclasses of AdapterView to receive click events on their child views.
cloudera-cdh For questions specifically about Cloudera's Distribution of Apache Hadoop
cells atomic elements within a structure composed of columns and/or rows, such as a table or grid.
swift-playground interactive design environments that evaluate code as you write it
job-scheduling a computer application for controlling unattended background program execution .
mediacodec a class from the package `android.media` of Android API that can be used to access low-level, native media codec, i.e
asp.net-web-api-routing Questions about routing within ASP.NET Web API framework
derived-class In Object Oriented languages, derived class can inherit properties and/or member functions from a base class, also called super class
ria a web application that has many of the characteristics of desktop applications
datanucleus an implementation of the JDO and JPA API specifications for Java object persistence, as well as providing a REST API
select2 a jQuery plugin that gives you a customizable select box with support for searching, tagging, remote data sets, infinite scrolling, and many other highly useful options.
vertica a column-based database that runs on clusters of Linux servers
state-machines a computation model used to design both computer programs and sequential logic circuits
universal-image-loader the open source library for Android which aims to provide a reusable instrument for asynchronous image loading, caching and displaying.
median the 'middle' value from a set of values
supervisord a client/server system that allows its users to control a number of processes on UNIX-like operating systems.
http-proxy a server that receives requests from your web browser and then makes the request to the Internet on your behalf
kohana-3 a HMVC PHP framework that places security, scalability and rapid development at its forefront.
floating-action-button a special case of promoted actions
point-cloud-library a standalone, large scale, open project for 3D point cloud processing.
case-insensitive case insensitive when uppercase and lowercase characters are equally treated.
pgadmin an Open Source administration and development GUI for PostgreSQL.
coroutine a general control structure whereby flow control is cooperatively passed between two different routines without returning.
boost-thread Boost.Thread enables the use of multiple threads of execution with shared data in portable C++ code.
argv Argument vector contains the arguments passed in from the command line when starting a program.
thinking-sphinx a Ruby library that connects ActiveRecord models to the Sphinx search service.
bandwidth Amount of data that can be transferred in a given unit of time.
elasticsearch-plugin a way to enhance the basic elasticsearch functionality in a custom manner.
menubar a region of a screen or application interface where drop down menus are displayed
decompiling Decompilers analyze binary code outputting source code in a higher level language such as C
google-geocoder the action of converting a street address into geographic coordinates
openfiledialog a class in the .NET Framework that prompts the user to open one or multiple files.
optional-parameters one that a caller can include in a call to a function or method, but doesn't have to
sunspot a Ruby gem that interfaces with the Apache Solr search server
resx resource lists used in .NET applications.
force-layout a kind of graph diagram, in which positions of nodes are obtained by a simulation of forces.
yql an expressive SQL-like language that lets you query, filter, and join data across Web services.
backtracking a general algorithm for finding solutions to some computational problem, that incrementally builds candidates to the solutions.
windows-10-mobile an edition of the Windows 10 OS developed by Microsoft and was released in 2015
hid HID stands for Human Interface Device, a type of computer peripheral taking input from a user and sometimes providing feedback, for example keyboard, mouse, joystick, trackball and the like.
face-recognition the process of matching faces to determine if the person shown in one image is the same as the person shown in another image
keycloak Integrated Single Sign On and Identity Manager for browser apps and RESTful web services
flash-cs6 part of Adobe's Creative Suite released on 7 May 2012.
duration The measure of continuance of any object or event within time.
semantic-markup For questions related to separation of content and presentation of semantic tags, embedding structured metadata into HTML markup using
window.open a JavaScript method that opens a new window and loads the document specified by a given URL.
openjdk a free and open source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition.
office-addins For the new Add-ins for Office please also add the office-js tag to your question
hls HTTP Live Streaming
android-proguard The ProGuard tool shrinks, optimizes, and obfuscates your code by removing unused code and renaming classes, fields, and methods with semantically obscure names
jsdoc a syntax for adding inline API documentation to JavaScript source code
ng-options Related with AngularJS .HTML SELECT element with angular data-binding
strong-parameters Strong Parameters requires whitelisting of Action Controller parameters by default
jmeter-plugins a сustom set of plugins for Apache JMeter, not affiliated with Apache Software Foundation.
look-and-feel Questions about the Look and Feel of applications with a graphical user interface
jsf-1.2 the latest release of the JSF 1.x specification and it works with Servlet 2.5 and JSP 2.1.
fiware an open cloud-based infrastructure for creation and delivery of Internet applications and services.
android-4.2-jelly-bean the version of Android Operating System preceded by Android 4.1.
httpcontext a class from .NET Framework which provides information about an HTTP request.
swingworker When a Swing program needs to execute a long-running task, it usually uses one of the worker threads, also known as the background threads
axis-labels The labels on any axis of a plot
c3.js a D3-based reusable chart library that enables deeper integration of charts into web applications.
rbenv a simple version manager for Ruby, with a plugin system to modify its behaviour.
watch-os-2 the second version of Apple's operating system for Apple Watch and is the successor to watchOS
torch a scientific computing framework for LuaJIT
http-live-streaming a method of media streaming that consists of downloading segments of a mpeg2ts file, containing video and/or audio
url-scheme the top level of the Uniform Resource Identifier naming structure in computer networking.
scaffolding a meta-programming method of building database-backend software applications.
rounded-corners Name of a user interface design feature which replaces the 90 degree angle formed at the end points of two perpendicular lines.
evaluation Anything related to evaluation of expressions, i.e
isset set and is not NULL
strip refers to the process of removing certain characters from a string
material AMBIGUOUS
frames a way of displaying multiple HTML documents in a single browser window.
datacontractserializer .NET Framework class, Serializing and deserializing an instance of a type into an XML stream or document using a supplied data contract.
google-earth Google's virtual globe application that allows users to view 3D buildings, imagery, terrain, any other information stored in KML files.
spring-websocket A Spring Framework module that support WebSocket-style messaging in web applications , including use of STOMP as an application level WebSocket sub-protocol.
datalist An ASP.NET control for rendering data in a list.
sqlconnection Represents an open connection to a SQL Server database.
virtual-functions In object-oriented programming, a virtual function or virtual method is a function or method whose behaviour can be overridden within an inheriting class by a function with the same signature
linqpad A lightweight code scratchpad for C#/F#/VB and database querying tool that supports both SQL and LINQ
facebook-access-token The OAuth access token specific to the Facebook API.
utf-16 a character encoding that represents Unicode code points using either 2 or 4 bytes per character.
css-sprites a CSS technique to combine small images into one big image and then access them using the background-position property
abstraction a computer science concept in which an implementation is separated from its interface.
userscripts running on Firefox or Tampermonkey, use the tag
wildfly-10 an application server developed by Red Hat
uisearchdisplaycontroller part of Apple's UIKit framework
sqlclr technology for hosting of the Microsoft .NET common language runtime engine within SQL Server
spring-annotations A common placeholder for issues related to the use of annotations with the Spring framework
qtableview a Qt class providing a default model/view implementation of a table view.
pylons a lightweight web framework emphasizing flexibility and rapid development.
autoscaling a feature of cloud computing services which allows adding more computational resources automatically if load increases.
google-api-dotnet-client a generic .NET runtime client for Google Services
attributeerror The Python `AttributeError` exception.
vagrantfile configuration files for vagrant
business-objects a business-intelligence suite from SAP.
http-redirect updated the server sends a HTTP redirect message with the updated URL
saas Software as a service , or is a software delivery model in which software and its associated data are hosted centrally and are typically accessed by users using a thin clie…
intuit-partner-platform Intuit Developer, an integration platform for building applications that work with core Intuit products like QuickBooks Online, QuickBooks for Windows and Financial Data APIs
linear a field in mathematics dealing with arithmetic operations over vectors and matrices
xmppframework XMPPFramework implements the XMPP protocol in Objective-C for iOS and Mac platforms.
text-parsing a variation of parsing which refers to the action of breaking a stream of text into different components, and capturing the relationship between those components.
sampling the reduction of a continuous signal to a discrete signal.
amazon-cloudwatch Amazon CloudWatch provides monitoring for AWS cloud resources and the applications customers run on AWS
cognos an IBM subsidiary which provides a range of business intelligence and performance management products.
vbo an OpenGL object that allows users to store data on the GPU
runtime.exec The Runtime.exec method allows Java apps
horizontalscrollview A layout container for a view hierarchy that can be scrolled by the user, allowing it to be larger than the physical display
servlet-3.0 a new API that supports extensibility/pluggability, Ease of Development using the newer language features, Async and Comet support, Security, and other features being as par…
imagemagick-convert The command, from the ImageMagick® software suite is a program to convert between image formats as well as resize an image, blur, crop, despeckle, dither, draw on, flip, join, re-sample, and…
a-star a graph shortest-path algorithm that uses a heuristic function to speed up the search
logstash-grok an abstraction on top of regular expressions to allow easy parsing of unstructured text into structured and queryable form.
populate a general tag used when applying structured or unstructured data into a context.
enthought Enthought provides scientific and analytic software, training, and consulting solutions utilizing Python
iso The International Organization for Standardization is a union of national standardization organizations out of more than 150 countries elaborating standards in nearly all sectors excepted electrics an…
azure-powershell The Azure Module for Powershell allows administrators to accomplish many Windows Azure AD tenant-based administrative tasks such as user management, domain management and for configuring single sign-o…
tensorboard a visualization suite for the TensorFlow library
onmouseover an event which fires in a GUI framework when a user positions mouse cursor over a control.
argument-passing Argument-passing may refer to two different things: the process of providing a program being started with some initial pieces of information on its command line; the process of…
hp-uft a commercial Software Test Automation tool by Micro Focus.
puzzle DO NOT USE - prefer constructive questions, or use more descriptive tags
android-calendar a repository for a user's calendar events
mdi a type of GUI , which presents a single parent window for other windows in a specific application
alexa-skills-kit A collection of APIs used for developing new voice-enabled capabilities for Alexa and used in the Amazon Echo and other third party devices.
password-encryption the act of securing a password with another password
httpserver any application which receives requests via the HTTP protocol and sends back the corresponding response to fulfill the request.
commonjs a project whose goal is to move JavaScript outside the browser.
introspection A capability of some object-oriented programming languages to determine the type of an object at runtime.
reactive-cocoa a Swift framework inspired by Functional Reactive Programming
timeline Time-based information displays and user interfaces
listactivity an Activity that displays a list of items by binding to a data source such as an array or Cursor, and exposes event handlers when the user s…
multiple-instances two or more programs which share the same code and run at the same time
microsoft-cognitive Microsoft Cognitive Services is a collection of artificial intelligence based vision, speech, search, knowledge and language APIs
android-constraintlayout A new type of layout available in the Android Support repository built on top of a flexible constraint system, marking views positions relative to each other.
abaddressbook The ABAddressBook opaque type provides a programming interface to the Address Book — a centralized database used by multiple applications to store personal information about people
ngroute AngularJS module providing routing, deeplinking services and directives for AngularJS apps.
fluid-layout A Fluid Layout, sometimes also referred to as a liquid layout, is a CSS technique in which the majority of the page components have percentage widths, and thus adjust to the user's screen resolution.
epoch a system for describing points in time, defined as the number of seconds elapsed since midnight Coordinated Universal Time of January 1, 1970, not counting leap seco…
relationships Relationships refer to mappings between elements of one set to another set, such as one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-many.
latency implies latency is a significant consideration
memoization an optimization technique used primarily to speed up computer programs by having function calls avoid repeating the calculation of results for previously-processed inputs.
google-contacts Google Contacts API allows client applications to view and update a user's contacts.
complex-numbers Questions about complex numbers , types to represent them in programming languages, and libraries to manipulate them
hostname a human-readable nickname that is assigned to a device connected to a computer network and that is used to identify the device.
virtual-memory a memory management technique developed for multitasking kernels.
simple-injector Simple Injector is an Dependency Injection library for Microsoft .NET, .NET Core, .NET Standard, Windows Phone, Windows Store Apps, and Mono.
setup.py a Python script required by libraries packaged and distributed with Distutils.
tic-tac-toe a popular exercise for beginning coders, as the finite resources and game mechanics can be easily grasped and represented in many ways
blobstore A storage API used for binary data storage, eg
hta a Microsoft Windows program whose source code consists of HTML, Dynamic HTML, and one or more scripting languages supported by Internet Explorer, such as VBScript or JScri…
actions-on-google Actions on Google let you build for the Google Assistant.
gamekit an Apple Framework that provides classes to create social games.
multi-index A multi-index allows the manipulation of higher-dimensional data in a 2-dimensional tabular structure.
mcrypt intended to be replacements for the old Unix crypt, except that they are under the GPL and support an ever-wider range of algorithms and modes
hadoop-streaming a utility that allows running map-reduce jobs using any executable that reads from standard input and writes to standard output.
nsobject the root class of most Objective-C class hierarchies; it has no superclass
azure-worker-roles For questions relating to the Microsoft Azure Worker Role.
reshape2 The reshape2 package in R contains functions that allow data to be transformed into more convenient forms.
paypal-rest-sdk PayPal's REST SDK allows developers to create, process and manage payments using PayPal's REST APIs.
ignore Many source control systems have an -file mechanism that specifies files that should not be committed or tracked in version control.
infinite one which does not terminate
goto In imperative programming, a statement.
twitter-bootstrap-4 the fourth generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development with an attractive look and feel
syslog a standard for logging program messages.
shell-exec The shell_exec PHP function provides the ability to run shell commands during the execution of a script.
solr4 the first release of Solr to use Java 1.6 and to include the SolrCloud functionality in it.
sonar-runner Default utility tool to launch a Sonar analysis without any dependency on third party tool like Maven, Ant, ...
moxy the object-to-XML and object-to-JSON component of EclipseLink
reachability an iOS sample application which demonstrates how to use the SystemConfiguration framework to monitor the network state of an iPhone or iPod touch
bmp The BMP File Format, also known as Bitmap Image File or Device Independent Bitmap file format or simply a Bitmap, is a Raster graphics image file format used to store bitmap digital images, inde…
will-paginate Ruby pagination library
pop3 Post Office Protocol version 3
runtimeexception the superclass of those exceptions that can be thrown during the normal operation of the Virtual Machine.
multer a node.js component used to handle multipart/form-data uploads.
spaces separate words/tokens in most natural and programming languages.
reportlab A library for generating PDF in Python.
gridfs a specification for storing large files in MongoDB
bcp used to export data from Microsoft® SQL Server™ or SAP Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise databases to a data file in a user-specified format
webgrid a view control built in to the ASP.NET Web Pages Framework
pageload Use this for general web page loading questions .
android-maps The Google Maps external library lets you add powerful mapping capabilities to your Android application.
llvm-clang the C language family front-end for the LLVM compiler.
rdp a proprietary protocol developed by Microsoft, which provides a user with a graphical interface to another computer.
ghci the interactive environment for the Glasgow Haskell Compiler.
autofill Autofill relates to auto-populating data into user interface forms, etc.
websphere-7 Version 7.x of IBM WebSphere Application Server
web-sql a SQL-based API allowing a web pages to store and retrieve structured data locally
visible Opposite of depending upon context.
vhosts A virtual host of a HTTP/HTTPS webserver
delphi-xe7 a specific version of Delphi released in September 2014.
ios-autolayout In iOS, Auto Layout dynamically calculates the size and position of all the views in your view hierarchy, based on constraints placed on those views.
reactjs-flux the application architecture that Facebook uses for building client-side web applications with React
firefox-webextensions a way to write Firefox extensions that are compatible with other browsers such as Google Chrome, and Opera
google-webmaster-tools Google Webmaster Tools provides you with detailed reports about your pages' visibility on Google.
pass-by-value a so that modifications of the passed value inside the receiving function are not returned back.
icefaces a JSF component library
hook-woocommerce for questions related to WooCommerce hooks
ms-access-2003 for questions specific to Microsoft Access 2003
apache-zeppelin a web-based notebook that enables interactive data analytics
rails-admin a simple CRUD engine for managing data
link-to the method in Ruby on Rails that is used to create link tags within views.
android-file Specifically the Android `File` class, but may also refer to the generic concept of files under the Android operating system
angular-components A component controls a patch of screen called a view
slug part of a URL that makes it more human readable or SEO-friendly, but without necessarily being required by the web server.
content-security-policy Content Security Policy aims to mitigate the risk of cross-site scripting attacks by giving developers fine-grained control over the resources a page is allowed to load, as well as the script it…
mdm Mobile Device Management
dot both a mathematical graph description language and a particular graph rendering engine
graphite a highly scalable real-time graphing system, specifically built to visualize numeric time-series data
rx-swift to enable easy composition of asynchronous operations and event/data streams
masonry a JavaScript cascading grid layout library.
android-youtube-api The YouTube Android Player API enables you to incorporate video playback functionality into your Android applications.
android-camera-intent Questions related about calling the camera app from the local device, without the camera permission.
typeahead a feature of computers and software that enables users to continue typing regardless of program or computer operation—the user may type in whatever speed he or she …
self-join called a self-join
vsix a .vsix file that contains one or more Visual Studio extensions .
double-quotes Questions related to the use of double-quotes in different programming languages.
mediaelement.js an HTML5 video and audio player with Flash fallback and captions
w3c-validation You can use W3C validation services to check HTML documents, CSS stylesheets, Atom/RSS feeds, and more.
primitive a data type provided by a programming language as a basic building block.
rmagick an interface between the Ruby programming language and the ImageMagick® and GraphicsMagick image processing libraries.
php-extension The PHP language can be enhanced through the use of extensions, which provide to PHP scripts new internal functions, classes, resource types, streams and, in general…
camera-calibration the process of finding the true parameters of the camera that produced a given photograph or video
iboutlet a tag applied to an instance-variable declaration so that the Interface Builder application can recognize the instance variable as an outlet and synchronize the display …
asp.net-mvc-partialview A partial view enables you to define a view that will be rendered inside a parent view
hidden-field An HTML Input element that users do not see or interact with
quantmod a package for R designed to assist quantitative traders in the development, testing, and deployment of statistically based trading models.
decompression For programming questions related to decompression, which is the act of expanding data from a compressed form to its original, uncompressed form.
swifty-json a tool to simplify handling JSON data in Swift.
nat a method of connecting multiple computers to the Internet using one IP address.
ibaction a type qualifier used by Interface Builder to synchronize with Xcode.It is available in iOS 2.0 and later
xlib a library used to communicate with X11 servers
xml-deserialization the process of re-creating an in-memory object from its serialized state which used XML as a data format.
puma a simple, fast, threaded, and highly concurrent HTTP server for Ruby/Rack applications.
jaas the Java Authentication and Authorization Service found in the JRE .
pinterest a virtual pinboard which allows you to organize and share things you find on the web
dask a flexible parallel computing library for analytic computing
openedge The new name for the Progress 4GL database engine, since version 10.
cucumber-jvm a Cucumber implementation for the most popular JVM languages
forward-declaration Forward declarations allow statically-typed programs to indicate the type and name of a symbol without actually defining it.
aspect-ratio The aspect ratio of an element describes the proportional relationship between its width and its height.
pjsip Open source implementation of necessary VoIP protocols SIP, RTP, NAT Traversal suitable for desktop and smartphones
composite a design pattern that allows a group of objects to be treated in the same way as a single instance of an object
pretty-print the application of any of various stylistic formatting conventions to text, source code, markup, and other similar kinds of content
cil the object-oriented assembly language used by the .NET Framework and Mono
flv a container file format used to deliver video over the Internet using Adobe Flash Player versions 6–11
local-variables Local variables have a limited scope, generally one function or one functional block.
xpages-ssjs The IBM Lotus Domino XPages Server Side Javascript Language
knn In pattern recognition, k-nearest neighbors is a classification algorithm used to classify example based on a set of already classified examples.
swi-prolog an open source implementation of Prolog that runs on Unix, Windows and Mac.
subfolder Subfolder
sendkeys A .NET class that sends one or more keystrokes to the active window as if they were typed at the keyboard.
glew The OpenGL Extension Wrangler Library is a cross-platform open-source C/C++ extension loading library
android-cursor an interface which provides random read-write access to the result set returned by a database query.
managed Managed refers to code that requires and will only execute under the control of a Common Language Runtime
fetch-api The Fetch API https://fetch.spec.whatwg.org is an improved replacement for XHR, for making asynchronous HTTP requests while better managing redirects and interaction with CORS and Service Workers.
drupal-theming a that lets you change the layout and appearance of a Drupal site quickly and without programming.
apt-get OFF-TOPIC
bitnami a library of popular server applications and development environments that can be installed with one click, either in your laptop, in a virtual machine or hosted in the cloud.
composite-component a JSF 2.x / Facelets specific term for reuseable UI components which are declared using pure XML rather than Java
httpmodule classes which implement the System.Web.IHttpModule interface.
bootstrap-datepicker a datepicker widget by eternicode that uses Twitter's bootstrap library.
chromium-embedded an open source project founded by Marshall Greenblatt in 2008 to develop a Web browser control based on the Google Chromium project.
steam an entertainment platform, payment system, and community for video games
ngfor The Angular NgFor directive instantiates a template once per item from an iterable.
updating Updating can refer to the modification of data or configuration by an application, process, or service, or can refer to the modification of software by a process.
mutable created.
bazel a build tool that builds code quickly and reliably
ansi ANSI stands for American National Standards Institute
epub an open XML-based digital book format which uses XHTML and CSS for document content.
curve In mathematics, a curve is, generally speaking, an object similar to a line but which is not required to be straight.
android-orientation The orientation of the screen, i.e
http2 the new version of the popular HTTP protocol
sudoku a number-placement logic puzzle
phone-call a method of transferring real-time two-way voice information over large distances.
sqlcmd a command line tool used to run SQL batches on Microsoft SQL Server.
antialiasing The technique of minimizing the distortion artifacts when representing a high-resolution image at a lower resolution
elasticsearch-5 Elastic's Elasticsearch product that reached version 5
bits the basic capacity of information in computing and telecommunications; a bit represents either 1 or 0 only
mac-address A Media Access Control address is a unique identifier assigned to network interfaces for communications on the physical network segment.
symfony-2.3 the Symfony 2.3.x specific tag
shinydashboard an R package which provides a framework for creating dashboards using R and shiny.
voice A voice in programming may refer to voice synthesis and voice recognition .
win32com a Python module to interact with Windows COM components.
azure-cloud-services PaaS service provided by Microsoft Azure to host stateless Windows Server virtual machines that are automatically provisioned and scaled.
uiswitch You use the UISwitch class to create and manage the On/Off buttons which can be seen in iOS, for example, in the preferences for such services as Airplane Mode
dygraphs for producing interactive time series charts.
slick.js A jQuery plug-in for carousel.
dereference Anything related to pointer dereference, i.e
google-project-tango a hardware and software platform which brings 3D environmental sensing to Android devices
postscript a Turing-complete page description programming language, designed and developed by Adobe
access-modifiers an OOP concept
apache-felix a community effort to implement the OSGi R4 Service Platform and other interesting OSGi-related technologies under the Apache license.
delphi-2007 a specific version of Delphi
fifo Any structure in which the First object In is the First object Out
restructuredtext a lightweight markup language intended to be highly readable in source format.
countif an Excel function which allows for the counting of values in a range where the values meet a criterion.
internal should be used when the question in which this tag has been used is about the internal operation in a function, language, program, or system.
true-type-fonts the major scalable font format designed by Apple
powerquery Microsoft Power Query for Excel enhances self-service business intelligence for Excel with an intuitive and consistent experience for discovering, combining, and refining data across a wide varie…
func a family of delegate types in the .Net framework.
jplayer the completely free and open source media library written in JavaScript.
postsharp a pattern-aware extension to C# and VB, reducing boilerplate code involved in implementing design patterns
imagemap a list of coordinates relating to a specific image, created in order to hyperlink areas of the image to various destinations
matplotlib-basemap a library for plotting 2D data on maps in Python
facebook-oauth From Facebook Developer Page
airflow a workflow management platform to programmatically author, schedule and monitor workflows as directed acyclic graphs of tasks.
localdb a lightweight deployment option for SQL Server Express Edition with the same features but with a simple installation
facebook-comments Facebook comments allow you to access the comments portion of Facebook pro-grammatically.
framelayout a simple Android layout designed to hold only one child.
indesign Adobe's scriptable publishing software.
solrcloud the name of a set of new distributed capabilities in Solr.
templating generally composed of a Template Engine, a Content Resource and a Template Resource.
tile Patterns of identical shapes that have no gaps
page-refresh Questions dealing with causing or preventing the re-rendering of an HTML document by a web browser.
initializer-list a special type in C++11 which is used to construct containers and other types from a list of values of the same type
fop Apache FOP is a print formatter driven by XSL formatting objects and an output independent formatter
file-format a particular way that information is encoded for storage in a computer file.
posts Blogging and other social media activities usually provide mechanisms allowing users to provide content of their own
capistrano3 an open source tool for running scripts on multiple servers; its main use is deploying web applications
geo the abbreviation for the term
tf-idf “Term-frequency ⨉ Inverse Document Frequency”, or “tf-idf”, measures how important a word is to a document in a collection or corpus.
tablerow a row in a table where object are arrange at the same height, from left to right
spacing Refers to the blank space between two objects or entities.
progress-4gl a multi-platform interpreted language typically used to build business applications and is now known as ABL.
git-pull Fetches changes from a remote repository and incorporates them into the current branch of a Git repository.
jsonobject a textual representation of an object in JSON format as defined by RFC 7159 section 4; it is an unordered collection of name/value pairs , where names are JSO…
editing a generic term for updating a file, document, or page.
angular-http a core Angular service that facilitates communication with the remote HTTP servers via the browser's XMLHttpRequest object or via JSONP.
2d-games drawn in a two-dimensional space using two-dimensional objects
cocos2d-x-3.0 C++ version of cocos2d
angular2-nativescript an open source framework created by Telerik that makes native mobile app development easier for developers with web-dev background
servicebus both an on-premises and Windows Azure hosted service
stdmap a class in the C++ Standard Library
uibinder The UiBinder framework allows you to build your apps as HTML pages with GWT widgets sprinkled throughout them.
phpdoc an automatic code-documentation tool for PHP, based on Javadoc.
inappbrowser a Cordova api call that provides the ability to spawn a browser instance from a Cordova application
sony an electronics and media company
android-networking for the Android-specific network programming only.
jaxb2 For issues relating to the JAXB XML binding architecture, version 2.
selected a general tag used when talking about one or more GUI element that is/are selected by the user.
sanitization Data sanitization to prevent code injection
pm2 a CLI process manager for Node.js applications with a built-in load balancer
xcode-storyboard a visual representation of the user interface of an iOS, tvOS, watchOS or macOS application, showing screens of content and the connections between those screens.
javasound for questions about the Java Sound APIs
asymptotic-complexity an approximation of the edge case performance of an algorithm used to determine best and worst case scenarios.
mediaelement an abstraction used to represent multimedia viewed by a user
lockscreen a user interface element used by various operating systems
microdata a syntax for expressing structured data in HTML5 documents.
bitmapimage a raster graphics image file
flashdevelop a popular, free and open source IDE for ActionScript and Haxe.
timertask a Java API class
rpy2 a very simple, yet robust, Python interface to the R Programming Language
setup-deployment Microsoft Setup and Deployment Wizard for Visual Studio or the .NET framework
trie hold an associative array, also called a Prefix Tree.
youtube-javascript-api The YouTube JavaScript Player API allows users to control the YouTube chromeless or embedded video players via JavaScript.
automator An application, first appearing in Apple's OS X, providing a point and click interface for creating macros to automate tasks
mousemove For issues relating to setting up, subscribing to, or handling mousemove events.
lotus best known as the creator of Lotus 123 and Lotus Notes
wikipedia-api Related to the use of the MediaWiki API on Wikipedia
banner a form of advertising on the World Wide Web delivered by an ad server
zero a unique number and along with 1 is one of the two binary numbers
scrum OFF-TOPIC
rich-text-editor A rich-text editor allows to edit, enter and format content in a web browser with rich markup and styles close to its final appearance.
riak a key/value data store written in Erlang
appcelerator-mobile a framework for creating iOS, Android, Universal Windows Platform applications in JavaScript.
url-parameters parameters whose values are set dynamically in a page’s URL, and can be accessed by its template and its data sources
model-associations Models can associate in three main ways: one to many, one to one, and many to many.
destroy In object-oriented languages, objects need to be destroyed after their creation to free memory
lifetime the time during which the variable is bound to a specific memory location
microsoft-sync-framework The Microsoft Sync Framework enables data synchronization in .NET applications in a hub-and-spoke or peer-to-peer relation
custom-data-attribute intended to store custom data private to the page or application, for which there are no more appropriate attributes or elements.
angular-resource An angularjs factory which creates a resource object that lets you interact with RESTful server-side data sources.
collapsingtoolbarlayout a wrapper for Toolbar which implements a collapsing app bar
eclipse-jdt for questions about the Eclipse JDT project which provides the plug-ins that implement a Java IDE supporting the development of any Java application, including Eclipse plug-ins.
javacard Java Card refers to a technology that allows Java-dd applications to be run securely on smart cards and similar small memory footprint devices.
release-management Release management encompasses the practices and patterns required to deploy software to customers.
octobercms a free, open-source, self-hosted CMS platform based on the Laravel PHP Framework
wcf-client For questions about Windows Communication Foundation clients.
texture-mapping a method for adding detail, surface texture , or color to a computer-generated graphic or 3D model.
caret caret refers to an onscreen text-cursor
sonarqube-scan SonarQube Scanners run the analyzers on code
esri ESRI is a GIS development company
user-permissions For questions regarding the appropriate use, settings, and enforcement of user permissions, typically for the purpose of either providing access to shared resources or restricting access to private re…
linear-gradients a field of color which smoothly changes from one color to another .
discrete-mathematics NOTE: Only questions about software development related to discrete mathematics are on topic
jtabbedpane A Java Swing component that lets the user switch between a group of components by clicking on a tab with a given title and/or icon.
amazon-ses a highly scalable and cost-effective bulk and transactional email-sending service for businesses and developers.
processor A Processor incorporates the functions of a computer's central processing unit
qlikview a business intelligence platform created and distributed by Qlik Corporation
scrape under an active cleanup: http://meta.stackoverflow.com/q/305314 Use if your question is about scraping information from web resources
alter-table a SQL statement that allows you to make schema changes to a database table .
alsa ALSA stands for Advanced Linux Sound Architecture and is a kernel component that supports sound in Linux systems.
class-library A collection of classes combined into a unit maybe distributed by a third party
higher-order-functions functions which either take functions as arguments or return them as output
qgis an open source program used to process and visualize geospatial data
tail the part of a list that comes after the head
string-parsing The action of retrieving data from a string
xargs a command on Unix and most Unix-like operating systems used to build and execute command lines from standard input.
x-editable x-editable enables in-place editing with Twitter Bootstrap, jQuery UI or pure jQuery.
xelement part of System.Xml.Linq in .NET Framework
qgraphicsview a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a widget for displaying the contents of a QGraphicsScene.
jquery-templates a plugin written by the Microsoft ASP.NET team in collaboration with the open-source jQuery team to enrich the UI from a data context.
browser-sync Related to the browser-sync Node.js module, used to synchronize URLs, interactions and code changes across multiple devices.
internal-server-error A generic HTTP status error message, given when no more specific message is suitable
client-certificates X.509 certificates for client authentication during TLS handshake.
assertions a method of verifying, if the code works as it was designed to
sqlbulkcopy Lets you efficiently bulk load a SQL Server table with data from another source.
wordnet a lexical database for the English language
launcher a program that stores locations of applications to aid users in starting them.
feature-detection a process in computer vision that aims to find visual features within the image with particular desirable properties
m2e a Plug-in for the Eclipse IDE that defines Eclipse Project structures by analyzing Maven Project models.
many-to-one Defines a single-valued association to another entity class that has many-to-one multiplicity
nsnumber a subclass of NSValue that offers a value as any C scalar type
tagging the act of adding tags .
stub A replacement implementation for objects, methods, or functions in order to remove external dependencies.
osgi-bundle OSGi - modularity layer for Java platform.
jsonb Binary version of the json data type, used in Postgres 9.4+
yahoo-finance PLEASE NOTE : THIS API HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED BY YAHOO
video-encoding should be used for questions related with programmatically handling of video encoding in any format
reusability the likelihood and potential for a piece of source code to be reused in other projects
morphia a lightweight type-safe library for mapping Java objects to/from MongoDB.
newsletter A email or document containing a one or more news stories that will be distributed to a group of subscribers.
chaining an object-oriented programming technique where methods return the object on which they were called so that another method may be called on the same object, thus forming a method chain.
ofstream C++ standard library objects used to write to files.
ntfs the primary file system used by Windows.
inject Design pattern to reduce coupling between components, by dynamically injecting into a software component dependencies that it needs to function.
restkit-0.20 the latest major release of RestKit which includes several new features as well as significant changes since the previous 0.10.x
bing Bing is a web search engine from Microsoft
cplex fast commercial linear, quadratic and mixed-integer optimization problems
appkit a collection of classes provided by OpenStep operating systems such as OPENSTEP, GNUstep, and Mac OS X.
sdwebimage a simple image library for iOS which provides caching and an easy way to load remote images asynchronously into UIImageViews.
xgboost a library for constructing boosted tree models in R, Python, Java, Scala, and C++
wowza a video streaming server written in Java
git-clone Obtains a local copy of a remote Git repository.
quickbooks-online an online web application for accounting, also usable programatically through an API.
extjs6 a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications .
portable-executable The Portable Executable format, a modification of COFF, is the file format for executable binaries under the Windows operating system
setcookie The setcookie function sends an HTTP cookie to a client.
having for questions about the HAVING keyword in SQL.
shapeless a type class and dependent type based generic programming library for Scala.
android-contentresolver A ContentResolver represents the connection between an app requesting data and the target ContentProvider.
nodemailer Easy to use module to send e-mails with Node.JS
flexbuilder the former name of Adobe Flash Builder.
hybris a subsidiary of SAP company, delivering enterprise software and on-demand solutions for using multiple communication channels to enable businesses to sell products across multiple distributi…
audit A set of processes or functionality that tracks changes to one or more components of a system, ensuring the completeness and accuracy of transaction processing, authorization, and validity of system o…
buttonclick An event that occurs when a user clicks a button element located within a user interface
signing a mathematical scheme for demonstrating the authenticity of a digital message or document.
clob Character Large Object - data type used in Oracle and IBM DB2 RDBMSes to store strings of character longer than 4000 bytes.
cefsharp .NET bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework
galaxy Line of mobile devices by Samsung running on Google's Android platform
dhtml an umbrella term for a collection of technologies used together to create interactive and animated web sites by using a combination of a static markup language
gmaps4rails a Ruby on Rails 3 gem, which provides a clear interface with GoogleMaps, OpenLayers, Bing and Mapquest
box an online file sharing and cloud content management service for businesses
google-gdk Glass Development Kit , a development kit to develop Google Glass glassware
visual-sourcesafe Old source code control solution from Microsoft
double-click the act of pressing a computer mouse button twice quickly without moving the mouse.
android-ksoap2 a lightweight and efficient SOAP client library for the Android platform
fluentvalidation an ASP.NET MVC integrated validation framework that allows the developer to set validation rules using expressions
thrust a template library of parallel algorithms with an interface resembling the C++ Standard Template Library for NVIDIA CUDA.
predict Prediction of values based on model objects.
ruby-on-rails-2 Legacy version of the Ruby on Rails web development framework.
samba the standard Windows interoperability suite of programs for Linux and Unix.
redux-thunk Thunk middleware for Redux
sitecore7 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
mod-proxy the proxying module for the Apache HTTP server.
avaudiosession This class provides an Objective-C alternative to many features from the C-based Audio Session Services.
biopython a set of freely available tools for biological computation written in Python.
mediarecorder the Android class used for recording Audio and Video available since API Level 1.
sendmessage Sends the specified message to a window or windows
android-broadcastreceiver an Android component that responds to system-wide broadcast announcements.
chess for the game of Chess and problems getting computers to play it.
computer-architecture Computer architecture deals with how computing system are designed and organized, and how should they be interacted with through code…
npapi The Netscape Plugin Application Programming Interface is a cross-platform plugin architecture used by many browsers, with the notable exception of Internet Explorer.
sqlcommand Represents a Transact-SQL statement or stored procedure to execute against a SQL Server database which is used in Microsoft .NET.
virtuemart an Open Source E-Commerce solution for the Joomla! Content Management System
words a single distinct meaningful element of a data
splunk a tool for collecting, monitoring, visualizing and analyzing machine data from any source
stylus Expressive, robust, feature-rich CSS language built for Node.js
algolia For programming-related questions about Algolia, the hosted search API
wifi-direct an extension to Wi-Fi, created by the Wi-Fi Alliance, that allows for Bluetooth style point-to-point networking as well as the more well known method of networking with access points t…
masking Force user input to conform to given rules.
japplet a class from Swing library in the Java programming language
c#-5.0 For issues relating to development with C#, version 5.0.
text-classification all about putting a piece of text into a set of categories
logstash-configuration Logstash configuration has three main sections - Input, Filter and Output
typo3-6.2.x a free and open source web content management system written in PHP
powershell-remoting The ability to create a remote connection, in an other way than using WMI, is the most important difference between PowerShell v 1.0 and 2.0.
kvm a full virtualization solution for Linux on x86 hardware containing virtualization extensions .
reddit Use for questions involving the API for Reddit, a social news ranking website.
rvalue-reference a new language feature in C++11 representing a reference to an rvalue
git-checkout Checkout a branch or file to the current working tree in a Git repo.
apache-beam an unified SDK for batch and stream processing
formulas A generic tag for questions concerning spreadsheet formulas
lapack a software library package to solve linear algebra equations
nsthread part of the Objective-C Foundation Framework and provides developers a way to create and manage threads.
datacontract a formal agreement between a service and a client that abstractly describes the data to be exchanged
protege a free, open-source platform that provides a growing user community with a suite of tools to construct domain models and knowledge-based applications with ontologies.
stdstring the C++ standard library's byte-based type, defined in the <string> header.
pharo an open-source Smalltalk environment
polyline a continuous line composed of one or more line segments.
kafka-producer-api Use for questions related to the Apache Kafka producer API
e4 a new Eclipse API available since Eclipse version 4
system.reflection a namespace of the .NET framework
glyphicons a library of monochromatic icons available in raster image formats, vector image formats, and as fonts
bids Business Intelligence Development Studio is a special version of Visual Studio that is used to develop projects for SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS.
gmp a mature, free library for arbitrary-precision arithmetic with support for big signed integers, rational numbers, and floating point numbers
add-on a set of components that enhances the existing, or adds new capabilities to a software application.
worksheet an Excel worksheet
photos a picture of some real world scene captured by a mechanical or electronical device.
ruby-on-rails-plugins either an extension or a modification of the core framework.
scene 'scene' can refer to various things
spring-3 Version 3.x of the Spring Framework, use for general Spring related questions.
recurrence an equation that recursively defines a sequence, once one or more initial terms are given: each further term of the sequence is defined as a function of the preceding terms.
rails-engines A Rails engine allows you to share common functionality across applications in the form of a gem or a plugin
pusher a hosted API for quickly, easily and securely adding scalable realtime functionality to web and mobile apps.
sql-loader a high-speed data loading utility that loads data from external files into tables in an Oracle database.
speech the vocalized form of human communication.
embedding one instance of some structure contained within another instance, such as a group that is a subgroup.
cgal The Computational Geometry Algorithms Library is a software library that aims to provide easy access to efficient and reliable algorithms in computational geometry.
java-time The java.time package, a modern date-time framework that debuted in Java 8, defined by JSR 310, supplanting the java.util.Date & .Calendar classes
playframework-1.x a modern Java and Scala web application open-source framework that provides a clean alternative to bloated Enterprise Java stacks.
textinput For questions related to a single-line, text input
tcpdump a common packet analyzer that runs under the command line, utilizing BPF language
azure-web-app-service null
lexer A program converting a sequence of characters into a sequence of tokens
hashtag label that classifies text as a specific category
instanceof an operator available in some object-oriented languages, including Java, php and JavaScript
metaclass In object-oriented programming, a metaclass is a class whose instances are classes
composite-primary-key a primary key, which consists of more than one column
illegalargumentexception An exception that indicates that the arguments supplied to a method or function are not valid for their intended purpose, or are different to the format expected by the method.
typo3-7.6.x a free and open source web content management system written in PHP
onesignal mobile and web push notification and push messaging service and API
telephony related to transmitting or receiving data over telephone networks.
turbolinks Turbolinks makes following links in your web application faster
armadillo a linear algebra library for C++ that makes use of template metaprogramming and delayed evaluation.
effect deprecated
gateway a vague tag for all kinds of gateways including networks, general interfaces and products, where this term is used with its own meaning
loopback In telecommunications, loopback, or a loop, is a hardware or software method which feeds a received signal or data back to the sender.
metal a proprietary framework for GPU-accelerated advanced 3D graphics rendering and data-parallel computation workloads
multiple-tables will generally be used by those unfamiliar with SQL, asking basic questions about joins
jointable a table that contains common fields from two or more tables.
fxcop Microsoft's free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
foxpro a database and application development IDE from Microsoft.
source-maps A source map allows a JavaScript debugger to map line and symbol information from a transformed JavaScript file back to the original input file used for the transformation
yahoo-api covers open webservices and APIs provided by Yahoo!
openwrt a Linux-based firmware program for embedded devices such as residential gateways and routers
parentheses The symbols , commonly used in programming languages
pdb refers to the Python debugger
serializable the process of converting a data structure or object state into a format that can be stored
stdio for questions regarding , i.e
sqlexception thrown when the database driver encounters an error
huffman-code a lossless compression algorithm that is optimal, assuming all input characters are drawn from a known discrete distribution.
memory-alignment Memory alignment means that objects and variables reside at particular offsets in the system's memory.
cgaffinetransform The CGAffineTransform represents a matrix used for affine transformations
code-reuse The use of existing software, or software knowledge, to build new software
non-ascii-characters ASCII stands for 'American Standard Code for Information Interchange'
temporary-files A file, automatically created for reasons like storing data that no longer fit into memory, for inter-process communication or to save state for possible crash recovery
privacy For questions related to privacy
cllocation A CLLocation object represents the location data generated by a CLLocationManager object
fold In functional programming, a fold, also known variously as reduction, accumulation, or catamorphism, is a type of higher-order function that recursively applies a transformation to a data structure, "…
public-key a form of cryptography that does not require common secrets between the communicating partners.
tampermonkey a userscript manager for Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Safari, Opera Next, and Firefox
nstextview the front-end class to MacOS's Application Kit text system
buddypress a WordPress plugin that helps you run any kind of social network on your site, with member profiles, activity streams, user groups, messaging, and more.
skphysicsbody used to add physics simulation to a node
gtk# a C# binding of the Gtk+ widget library.
google-drive-android-api a native API that conforms to standard Android best practices and coding conventions.
dnx As an obsolete concept, the .NET Execution Environment contains the code required to bootstrap and run an application
pypi a repository of software for the Python programming language.
ipv4 the IP protocol currently used in most circumstances.
jira-rest-api for developers who want to integrate JIRA with other standalone or web applications, and administrators who want to script interactions with the JIRA server.
typetraits syntactic extensions that allow the developer to determine at compile time various characteristics of a type
maze a tour puzzle in the form of a complex branching passage.
partition In computing, partition may refer to: disk partition, database partition, logical partition, memory partition, binary space partition
trigger.io a cross-platform mobile development framework that enables phone applications to be written in HTML/JavaScript.
api.ai Dialogflow provides developers with the power to add conversation to devices and applications through the Dialogflow platform.
android-c2dm Google Cloud Messaging for Android - service for sending messages from third-party server to device.
maven-release-plugin used to create releases with Maven
xml-validation the procedure of checking an XML document against some kind of schema that describes rules that this type of document must conform to
authlogic a clean, simple, and unobtrusive ruby authentication solution.
signed a property of data types representing numbers in computer programs.
form-data a JavaScript object interface intended to build multipart/form-data in Ajax more easily.
summary Summary statistics of a set of observations include the mean, median & the standard deviation.
application-pool Application pools allow you to isolate your applications from one another, even if they are running on the same server.
markerclusterer This JavaScript library creates and manages per-zoom-level clusters for large amounts of markers on a Google Map
apt Debian's Advanced Packaging Tool whose main binary is apt-get
modulus The remainder of the quotient of two numbers .
lets-encrypt a free, automated, and open certificate authority provided by the Internet Security Research Group.
smo .NET objects for management of Microsoft SQL Server
ubuntu-10.04 for programming issues relating to Ubuntu, version 10.04 LTS
intrinsics used in compiled languages to use specific CPU instructions outside the scope of the language.
disqus a global comment system that improves discussion on websites and connects conversations across the web.
teechart a commercial set of powerful charting components originally written for Delphi
bytebuffer A binary buffer with no specific encoding
migrate the process of moving data from container to another
grayscale For questions regarding Grayscale, a Bootstrap theme.
spring-social an extension of the Spring Framework that enables applications to connect with Software-as-a-Service providers such as Twitter, Facebook and other OAuth authentication based APIs
entities Entity-relationship model is an abstract and conceptual representation of data.
qtablewidget a Qt class providing an item-based table view with a default model.
wai-aria WAI-ARIA, the Accessible Rich Internet Applications Suite, defines a way to make web content and web applications more accessible to people with disabilities
documentation-generation a programming tool that generates documentation intended for programmers or end users , or both, from a set of specially commented sour…
nokia a Finnish multinational communications corporation
jbossfuse For development issues encountered while using Red Hat JBoss Fuse
zope an open source application server written in the Python programming language
tor a free open-source application used for internet anonymity and anti-censorship.
glade a visual user interface designer for the GTK+ toolkit and the GNOME desktop environment.
windows-store a digital distribution platform for Windows applications
onbeforeunload triggered before a user navigates away
yammer a private social network for business.
snap.svg a JavaScript library for creating and working with SVG.
application-settings global code or data used for configuration
smooth-scrolling a technique which reduces the sudden jumps in display while scrolling
flicker Is a flashing effect displeasing to the eye
magento-1.4 an Ecommerce platform written in PHP
proc blocks of code that have been bound to a set of local variables
progressive-web-apps A progressive web app provides an app-like user experience that is low friction and is built using modern web capabilities and hosted on the web and can become an app on the user's system over time.
taskbar the application switcher and launch area for Windows, usually at the bottom of the screen
picker Synonym of selector or chooser.
google-cardboard a virtual reality platform developed by Google for use with a fold-out cardboard mount for a mobile phone.
crc an error-detecting code commonly used in digital networks and storage devices to detect accidental changes to raw data.
css-grid a W3C technology that allows for the creation of grids
ormlite-servicestack a convention-based, configuration-free lightweight ORM that uses standard POCO classes and Data Annotation attributes to infer its table schema.
rest-assured a Java-based test library for REST services.
battery a portable electrical power source which is often used in mobile devices.
wix3.5 For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.5.
sigabrt a Unix signal sent when a program abnormally stops, often leading to a crash.
assetic an asset management framework for PHP.
access-denied Error message/exception when access to a certain resource is denied due to insufficient privileges.
vala an object-oriented programming language that allows modern programming techniques to be used to write applications that run on the GNOME runtime libraries, particularly GLib and GObject
meteor-accounts Account management with the open-source Meteor platform.
records a value that contains other values, typically in fixed number and sequence and typically indexed by names.
radiobuttonlist Represents a list control that encapsulates a group of radio button controls.
twilio-api Twilio provides a bunch of APIs for services like Chat, Voice, SMS, Fax
sprockets a Ruby library that preprocesses and concatenates JavaScript and CSS source files.
spam-prevention related to spam prevention/filtering
mlab a fully-managed MongoDB Database-as-a-Service platform that automates the operational aspects of running MongoDB in the cloud.
kdb a proprietary high performance database developed by Kx Systems.
datatrigger a WPF .NET trigger that applies property values or performs actions when the underlying bound data meets a specified condition.
gatling an open-source load testing framework based on Scala, Akka and Netty.
advertising an indication your question is OFF TOPIC
drivers FOR WRITING DRIVERS
fosrestbundle A Symfony 2 plugin by FriendsOfSymfony which provides various tools to rapidly develop RESTful API's with Symfony 2.
terminate For questions regarding the termination of processes, threads, and sessions.
jssor an independent JavaScript touch swipe image slider
worker In software, the term worker usually describes a long-running process being executed in a separate thread from an application's main thread of execution
undo a command in many computer programs
hpc High Performance Computing refers to the use of supercomputers and computer clusters to solve a wide range of computationally intensive problems.
callstack A stack that stores details of the functions called by a program in sequence, so that each function can return on completion to the code that called it.
event-dispatch-thread a special background thread which handles events from the Java GUI event queue
gtkmm the official C++ interface for the GUI library GTK+.
trac an enhanced wiki and issue tracking system for software development projects
opentk an advanced, low-level C# library that wraps OpenGL, OpenCL and OpenAL
enter The ENTER/RETURN key on the keyboard.
prototypal-inheritance Prototype inheritance reuses behavior by cloning existing objects that serves as prototypes
ios-ui-automation Automated UI Testing using the Automation instrument included with Instruments for iOS development
solution a structure for organizing projects in Visual Studio
core-text the modern text layout and rendering framework on Apple's Mac OS X and iOS operating systems.
edmx an XML file in the .Net Entity Framework that defines a conceptual model, a storage model, and the mapping between these models.
mat for questions dealing with opencv cv::Mat data structure
nearest-neighbor points in close proximity to a given location in some multi-dimensional space, e.g
accessor a function that is responsible for reading or writing a property.
agent Questions about programming software agents or programming in an agent-oriented environment.
easy-install a package manager that provides a standard format to distribute Python programs and libraries
amazon-ecs a highly scalable, high performance container management service that supports Docker containers and allows you to easily run distributed applications on a ma…
docker-registry a service which you can push Docker images to for storage and sharing
settext The concept of assigning text to a UI element
radio-group used to create a multiple-exclusion scope for a set of radio buttons
erd Entity Relationship Diagram or Entity Relationship Model is a visual representation of the organization of data within databases or information systems
google-custom-search From their site: You can now exploit the full power of your ideas to dynamically generate Custom Search Engines
appfabric Microsoft's brand for its cloud computing products
color-scheme a set of colors used by an IDE.
preventdefault Javascript event method to cancel the event if it is cancelable, without stopping further propagation of the event.
subclipse For questions about the subclipse Eclipse plugin which provides Subversion integration.
rating the evaluation or assessment of something, in terms of quality, quantity, or some combination of both
pseudo-class The pseudo-class of CSS allows for more specific selection of elements within a document based upon an element's status, location in the DOM tree structure, user action, or other factors.
subdirectory a directory that is contained inside another directory.
guard a command line tool to easily handle events on file system modifications.
applicationcontext The Spring `ApplicationContext` class
openssh the most widespread and de-facto standard implementation of SSH protocol
exit-code signaled by a program on termination to indicate if it completed successfully, or, if it did not, what sort of failure condition occurred.
operator-precedence a rule used to clarify unambiguously which procedures should be performed first in a given expression
uber-api Related to the Uber Developer API : https://developer.uber.com/
sigsegv the signal sent to a process when it makes an invalid memory reference, or segmentation fault.
angular-filters Angular-Filters formats the value of an expression to be displayed to the user
oracleforms a software product for creating screens that interact with an Oracle database.
scrollto a plugin for scrolling elements and the window with jQuery animation, by Ariel Flesler.
custom-cell a unique, personalized or subclassed version of some generic cell type.
ansible-2.x a radically simple IT automation platform that makes your applications and systems easier to deploy
culture the combination of language and peculiarities of geographical location
java-6 Java SE version 6 was released in December 2006
sift an algorithm in computer vision to detect and describe local features in images
live-wallpaper an Android 2.1+ feature that adds the potential for animation and interactivity.
uistackview The UIStackView class provides a streamlined interface for laying out a collection of views in either a column or a row
gulp-watch A gulp plugin that listens for file changes and emits changed files into the stream
azure-data-factory a cloud service used to invoke other Azure services in a controlled way using the concept of time slices
health-kit a framework for iOS that allows health and fitness services to share their data with the new Health app and with each other.
blend Microsoft Blend for Visual Studio is a user interface design tool developed and sold by Microsoft for creating graphical interfaces for web and desktop applicatio…
apollo a GraphQL client and cache for JavaScript, iOS and Android.
resourcebundle Resource bundles contain locale-specific objects
psexec a light-weight telnet-replacement that lets you execute processes on other systems, complete with full interactivity for console applications, without having to manually install client softw…
helpers Functions that help simplify certain common tasks.
drawerlayout Android's DrawerLayout acts as a top-level container for window content that allows for interactive views to be pulled out from the edge of the window.
dynamics-crm-4 a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
slick2d a wrapper around the LWJGL OpenGL library for Java.
spring-restcontroller Spring MVC's shortcut annotation for creating Rest Controllers
mahapps.metro a toolkit for creating Metro styled WPF-Apps
facebook-social-plugins dedicated to implementation of Facebook social plugins like fb:like in both XFBML and iframe.
knapsack-problem a problem in combinatorial optimization: Given a set of items with associated weights and values, determine the number of each item to include in a collection so that the total…
separator A character that separates parts of a string.
geb a library for headless web browsing on the JVM, suitable for automation and functional web testing
brute-force In cryptography, a brute-force attack, or exhaustive key search, is a strategy that can, in theory, be used against any encrypted data.
pmd PMD scans source code and looks for potential problems like possible bugs, dead code, suboptimal code, overcomplicated expressions, and duplicate code
nine-patch a stretchable bitmap image, which Android will automatically resize to accommodate the contents of the View in which you have placed it as the background
hdinsight Microsoft's Big Data Platform available on Microsoft Azure.
memory-mapped-files mapped in virtual memory.
jira-plugin JIRA plugins add additional functions to Atlassian JIRA.
cs50 a self-study introductory computer science course from Harvard
cx-oracle a Python extension module that allows access to Oracle databases and conforms to the Python database API specification.
training-data a set of data used to discover potentially predictive relationships, used in fields like artificial intelligence, machine learning, and statistics.
uglifyjs a general-purpose JavaScript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit
sapply a command in the R language that applies a function to each element of a vector
entity-attribute-value A method of modelling and storing data by breaking it into three parts: the entities, their attributes and their values.
excel-2003 is used for referencing the Excel Version 2003 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
c++-cx a set of high-level language extensions for C++ to work with the Universal Windows Platform and the Windows Runtime .
irb a shell for programming in Ruby
include-path a set of directories that contain headers or library files that should be accessed with no prefixed directory
lme4 an R package for fitting and analyzing linear, nonlinear and generalized linear mixed models.
silverlight-toolkit Official Microsoft add-on components for Silverlight on the browser and Windows Phone released via Codeplex.
shift Questions related to the usage of the right and/or left shift key on the keyboard.
android-7.0-nougat Android 7.0 Nougat , formerly known as .
bulk the major portion or greater part of any size, mass, or volume.
informatica-powercenter an ETL tool developed by Informatica Corporation
autosuggest an UI feature provided by applications, where the program predicts and shows a list of possible options that the user wants to choose from without the user actually typing it in complet…
adobe-illustrator a commercial vector graphics editor
brackets tall punctuation marks used in matched pairs within text, to set apart or interject other text
jmockit a java framework for mocking objects in JUnit testing
dex compiled Android application code files.
expo an open-source and free platform that lets web developers build truly native apps that work across both iOS and Android by writing them once in just JavaScript
squid an open-source HTTP caching proxy server.
ruby-on-rails-4.2 For issues specific to version 4.2 of Rails
rubymotion a commercial system for building native iOS and Android apps using Ruby.
insertion-sort a sorting algorithm with worst-case time complexity of O and best-case time-complexity of Θ
directoryservices the .NET library used to access Microsoft's Active Directory, which holds information about users, groups, computers, permissions and more
mode a state in which a program exposes a particular subset of its functionality.
reportbuilder3.0 Version 3.0 of Microsoft Report Builder creates reports, charts, tables and dashboards for use on Microsoft Self Service Reporting Server
conditional-operator a ternary operator that is part of the syntax for a basic conditional expression in several programming languages
optaplanner a lightweight, embeddable planning engine written in Java
sticky-footer a CSS technique used to anchor the footer section to the bottom of the page, regardless of the page's height
wagtail a Django content management system built originally for the Royal College of Art and focused on flexibility and user experience.
sequel a database toolkit for the Ruby programming language that provides abstractions over many SQL RDBMS.
sencha-architect a desktop application that helps you create interfaces for Ext JS and Sencha Touch faster than ever in an easy-to-use, drag-and-drop environment.
libc The C standard library consists of a set of sections of the ISO C standard which describe a collection of headers and library routines used to implement common operations, such as input/output and str…
gravity-forms-plugin a premium full featured contact form plugin.
spi a serial, synchronous bus commonly used in embedded systems
pyparsing an alternative approach to creating and executing simple grammars, vs
android-design-library The Design package provides APIs to support adding material design components and patterns to your apps.
.net-standard a formal specification of .NET APIs that are intended to be available on all .NET runtimes
keep-alive A feature of HTTP where the same connection is used for multiple requests, speeding up downloading of web pages with multiple resources.
e2e-testing a methodology used to test whether the flow of an application is performing as designed from start to finish
qt-quick a framework that provides a declarative way of building custom, highly dynamic user interfaces with fluid transitions and effects, which are becoming more and more common especially in mob…
robotics the branch of technology that deals with the design, construction, operation, structural disposition, manufacture and application of robots
infinispan an ASL2 licensed data grid platform for Java and other JVM languages, providing a distributed in-memory cache as well as a clustering toolkit.
git-flow The git-flow workflow defines a strict branching model designed around a project release
lowercase letters in minuscule: a, b, c, …
strcmp a string compare function that is available in languages such as C, C++, PHP, Python and MATLAB.
minimum Minimum refers to the value in a collection of values that is the least or smallest.
thin an EventMachine-based web server written in Ruby for running Rack-based web apps.
winsock2 Windows Sockets 2 enables programmers to create advanced Internet, intranet, and other network-capable applications to transmit application data across the wire, independent of the network p…
android-handler A Handler allows you to send and process `Message` and Runnable objects associated with a thread's `MessageQueue`
android-viewholder A ViewHolder object stores each of the component views inside the tag field of the Layout, so you can immediately access them without the need to look them up repeatedly
sikuli an automation tool available for Linux, Windows and Mac OS X that automates tasks using screen visual inspection
tkinter-canvas The Canvas widget provides structured graphics facilities for Tkinter
cashapelayer a special purpose CALayer subclass for drawing animatable shapes using cubic Bezier splines
flash-cs4 a tool for creating Flash Applications
lubridate an R package that makes it easier to work with dates and time objects.
hue a Web interface for analyzing data with Apache Hadoop
knex.js a query builder for Postgres, MySQL and SQLite3, Oracle and MS SQL Server
google-login Google-login refers to a sign-in API provided by Google.
excel-2016 is used for referencing the spreadsheet component of the Microsoft Office 2016 suite released 22 Sep 2015
reverse-geocoding Generates an address from a latitude and longitude.
onactivityresult Called when an activity you launched exits, giving you the requestCode you started it with, the resultCode it returned, and any additional data from it
backslash The backslash character \ is used in many languages to quote the next character, i.e
mule-component should be used to group issues related to mule components existing and custom
pylint Python source code analyzer looking for bugs and signs of poor quality.
rule-engine software components that allow application developers to externalize business rules and manage their lifecycle independently from the application code.
transactional a collection of operations performed on a database that are supposed to execute in one unit.
formtastic a Rails form builder plugin with semantically rich and accessible markup.
koa a new web framework designed by the team behind Express, which aims to be a smaller, more expressive, and more robust foundation for web applications and APIs
pushviewcontroller for questions related to pushing a view controller.
rtti RTTI stands for Run-Time Type Information, it is also known as reflection; it allows access to compile-time data at run-time.
currying the process of transforming a function that takes /n/ arguments, into a series of /n/ functions that take one argument each
policy at the core of every program; there is always a better way to do something
backpropagation a common method of teaching artificial neural networks how to perform a given task.
azure-ad-graph-api for Azure AD Graph API related questions
linkedin-api Open web-services and APIs provided by LinkedIn
wallpaper the background image on one's
curses a library for unix-ish computers that you can use to have better and more interactive consoles, including colors
android-download-manager A system service that handles long-running HTTP downloads in Android
olap-cube a multidimensional database that is optimized for data warehouse and online analytical processing applications.
thread-sleep A method that can be called on a given thread object to suspend its execution for a specified duration.
unpivot UNPIVOT describes a Query Language feature of some Relational Databases
tibco a software company that produces infrastructure and business intelligence software, most notably an event-enabling Enterprise Information Bus.
partials often synonym for templates, which can even also be called partial templates.
backbone-events for backbone.js questions that specifically relate to Backbone's event handling system.
angular-translate an AngularJS module including lazy loading and pluralization.
firebase-hosting developer-focused static web hosting for modern front-end web applications
rest-client an open-source HTTP and REST client for Ruby.
sling a web framework that uses Java Content Repository to store and manage content
foundation a framework written in Objective-C that implements many useful classes and functions
cytoscape.js a JavaScript graph theory / network library for analysis and visualisation
jersey-client a high-level Java based API for interoperating with RESTful Web services.
android-camera2 The android.hardware.camera2 package provides an interface to individual camera devices connected to an Android device
robocopy a Windows command line file & directory replication utility published by Microsoft.
outputcache the caching technique to cache the static pages in ASP.net.
overlapping is used to describe elements on a webpage, absolutely positioned with CSS so they overlap each other.
feature-selection the process of selecting a subset of most relevant features to construction your data model.
required an HTML attribute of an input element that forces that the input be supplied.
multiple-monitors For questions about programmatic use of or interaction with multiple physical display devices simultaneously connected to the same computer system, using eith…
dagger a dependency injection library for Java and Android.
dev-c++ A free, open-source, portable and extensible C/C++ IDE
package-managers Software that allows administrators to control the installation and upgrade process of packages on their systems.
nameerror The Ruby or Python `NameError` exception.
fitnesse an acceptance testing framework.
jcr an acronym for Java Content Repository: an API and object database of hierarchical data mainly used by content management systems
pdfsharp PDFsharp - A .NET library for processing PDF
xcopy a Windows command to copy all files, directories, and subdirectories from a specified path to a target directory
quartz-2d the primary two-dimensional graphics rendering API for Mac OS X, part of the Core Graphics framework.
solid-principles the five principles of object-oriented design introduced or documented by Robert C
windows-shell main graphical user interface in Windows hosted by Windows Explorer
portal a web-site that brings together information from diverse sources in a unified way
jcomponent the base class for all Java Swing components except top-level containers.
edge-detection a tool in computer vision used to find discontinuities in images
mingw-w64 a complete runtime environment for gcc to produce binaries native to Windows 64-bit and 32-bit operating systems.
coordinate-systems Coordinate systems use one or more numbers, or coordinates, to uniquely determine the position of a point or geometry in space.
belongs-to a master-detail relationship where one item another and has a foreign key to maintain the relationship.
lombok a tool for reducing boilerplate code in java through Annotations and compile time code generation.
facebook-authentication popular sign in method for many websites using Facebook credentials.
fluent-nhibernate-mapping Fluent, XML-less, compile safe, automated, convention-based mappings for NHibernate
grails-domain-class deals with issues related to the definitions of domain model
parsley.js a Javascript library that provides an easy interface for form validation using HTML5 data attributes
touchscreen an electronic visual display that can detect the presence and location of a touch within the display area.
smartphone a combination of mobile phone and PDA .
suds a SOAP services library for Python & JavaScript.
django-migrations a way to apply changes to a database previously created, introduced in Django 1.7
c++03 an older revision of the C++ standard
csrf-protection Cross-site request forgery, also known as a one-click attack or session riding and abbreviated as CSRF or XSRF, is a type of malicious exploit of a website whereby unau…
django-testing a high-level Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean, pragmatic design
gyroscope a device for measuring or maintaining orientation, based on the principles of angular momentum
rds might refer to Microsoft Remote Desktop Services, Microsoft Robotics Developer Studio, or Microsoft Remote Data Service
android-actionbar-compat ActionBar implementation from Android Support Library component that provides an ActionBar for applications built for Android 2.1 and higher.
platform is to be used for hardware or software related issues relating to a platform
generic-list language-agnostic tag for a collection of items where each item has a certain position
fmdb a free, third-party Objective-C wrapper for SQLite, providing a simple, object-oriented interface for Mac OS X and iOS.
organization pertains to the organization of source files and other assets in directory structures, organization of actual source code itself, logical organization of application data, and …
atom-feed an XML based news-feed format
xlsxwriter a python module for creating Excel XLSX files
file-type The type of a file, as characterized by the format of the data it contains, or its use case
printwriter Java built-in class that prints formatted representations of objects to a text-output stream.
scikit-image a Python image processing toolbox for SciPy.
rebol a modern interpreted language where code is data
provider being cleaned up
lda a generative model that allows sets of observations to be explained by unobserved groups that explain why some parts of the data are similar.
facebook-ads-api used by application developers to create, manage and measure ad campaigns that run on Facebook.
normal-distribution an assumption of many parametric statistical tests, and is typically associated with a Gaussian distribution, often with mean=0 and standard deviation=1
async.js A module with functions for working asynchronously with JavaScript that can be used both in NodeJS and in the browser.
listitem an UI element within an ordered or unordered list container.
corruption Data corruption and integrity issues
doc Questions about the old Microsoft Word file format and how to use it.
gravity The concept of UI widgets being dragged to a specific side of a surrounding element.
iterable an object, such as a string or collection, that can be iterated over, yielding up its members one at a time.
color-picker a widget used to preview and test color values.
keycode A number linked with specific key on keyboard in JavaScript language
levenshtein-distance A metric for measuring the amount of difference between two sequences.
blas a standard set of interfaces for low-level vector and matrix operations commonly used in scientific computing.
ng-bootstrap A set of Angular 2 directives based on version 4+ of Twitter Bootstrap's markup and CSS.
unreal-engine4 a game engine created by Epic Games and available to the public for free
sas-macro A metaprogramming language used in the SAS suite to modify normal SAS code at run-time.
nslog Logs an error message to the Apple System Log facility.
extjs-mvc Attempt to implement MVC-like pattern in ExtJS framework, using the terms from the pattern and some of the concepts.
android-room For questions related to Android Room Persistence Library
image-rotation performing a geometric rotation with certain angle on a particular image.
goroutine a lightweight thread of execution that is managed by the Go language runtime.
cassandra-3.0 a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache
points a scoring system for games or algorithms
lexical-analysis Process of converting a sequence of characters into a sequence of tokens.
removeclass A method to remove specific class from a DOM element.
raytracing a physics-based method for simulating photorealistic 3D scenes
uipagecontrol used in iOS to to create and manage page controls.
libvlc the external programming interface of the VLC media player
cordova-3 a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
coredump A core dump represents the state of working memory of a Unix program at a specific time, often when the program has terminated abruptly.
document-ready for questions about javascript functions that run after the page is loaded.
magnific-popup a responsive lightbox & dialog script with focus on performance and providing best experience for user with any device .
flink-streaming an open source platform for scalable batch and stream data processing
axes Axes - plural of axis
viewdidload Method in UIViewController class for managing the view
nsregularexpression used to represent and apply regular expressions to Unicode strings
docx4j an open source Java library for manipulating Microsoft OpenXML files via JAXB
avaudiorecorder should be used for questions related to the AVAudioRecorder class found in Apple's AVFoundation framework.
nusoap a set of PHP classes to enable the consumption and creation of SOAP web services
freebase a large, Google owned, community-edited, general knowledge semantic database that can be accessed via a RESTful API which will shut down June 30, 2015.
haskell-stack a modern, cross-platform build tool for Haskell code
datareader A DataReader reads a forward-only stream of rows from a data source.
corba an object-oriented middleware standard, defined by the OMG
csproj a Visual Studio .NET C# Project file.
boolean-expression an expression in a programming language that produces a boolean value when evaluated, i.e
viewflipper a FrameLayout Container that will animate between two or more views that have been added to it
eclipse-juno the code name for Eclipse versions 3.8 and 4.2 that were released on June 27, 2012
uifont The UIFont class provides the interface for getting and setting font information
powermockito Java Framework that allows the testing of usually untestable code
tracing a specialized use of logging to record information about a program's execution.
subplot a Matlab / Matplotlib function which divides the current figure into a grid
peewee a small ORM written in Python, providing a lightweight querying interface over SQL.
pull In distributed version control, pull or fetch is the action of transferring remote changes into a local repository.
audiounit plug-ins for Apple's CoreAudio framework which generate or process audio streams.
subreport inserted into another report, usually to provide more detailed information on repeating items.
spring.net an open source application framework for developing .NET enterprise applications.
preferenceactivity a base class for an activity to show a hierarchy of preferences to the user
yarnpkg Yarn in an open-source JavaScript package manager created by Facebook, Exponent, Google, and Tilde
datarow an ADO.Net class that represents a row of a data in a DataTable.
code-completion Refers to an IDE or editor feature that attempts to predict what you will type next based on context, speeding up code entry.
renderer a software construct that accepts and transforms information so that it can be displayed in a given medium.
confirm For questions regarding the JavaScript `confirm` function or other such functions that ask the user for yes/no confirmation.
drive for questions related to physical disk drives
hierarchical-clustering a clustering technique that generates clusters at multiple hierarchical levels, thereby generating a tree of clusters
jsonpath a means of using XPath-like syntax to query JSON structures
code-contracts a Microsoft open source project which allows you to express pre-conditions, post-conditions, and assertions directly in code.
azure-data-lake a suite of three big data services in Microsoft Azure: HDInsight, Data Lake Store, and Data Lake Analytics
zabbix a free open source monitoring solution
renderscript an Android-specific compute API offered by Google
pycrypto PyCrypto - The Python Cryptography Toolkit is a package that contains various cryptographic modules for the Python programming language.
visualsvn-server a commercial and proprietary Subversion server package for Windows operating system.
delphi-xe3 a specific version of Delphi released on Sept
date-arithmetic The term 'date-arithmetic' refers to determining via code such information as how many days, hours, etc
deque short for
sqliteopenhelper a class from the Android SDK which can be used for easier handling of a SQLiteDatabase.
aspxgridview usually in reference to the ASPxGridView provided by DevExpress
libpcap Libpcap, a portable C/C++ library for network traffic capture
uitouch a class from UIKit framework in Apple iOS
ggmap A package for plotting maps in R with ggplot2
rails-i18n Repository for collecting Locale data for Ruby on Rails I18n as well as other interesting, Rails related I18n stuff.
git-diff Shows changes between the working tree and the committed contents of a git repository, or between two commits or branches of the repository.
http-status-code-401 Similar to 403 Forbidden, but specifically for use when authentication is possible but has failed or not yet been provided
head Check if you should use html-head or unix-head instead.
insert-into a SQL statement that is used to insert new rows into a table.
linq-to-nhibernate A provider for NHibernate library for .NET Framework which allows to use LINQ queries
debug-symbols information that expresses which programming-language constructs generated a specific piece of machine code in a given executable module.
cql3 a SQL -like language for querying Cassandra.
subclassing A subclass, , heir class, or child class is a modular, derivative class that inherits one or more language entities from one or more other classes.
geodjango GeoDjango intends to be a world-class geographic Web framework
categorical-data one of a fixed number of nominal categories.
modalpopupextender part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.NET
ng-animate The ngAnimate module provides support for CSS-based animations as well as JavaScript-based animations via callback hooks
qtwebkit QtWebKit provides a Web browser engine that makes it easy to embed content from the World Wide Web into your Qt application.
smlnj Standard ML of New Jersey
tcplistener .NET Framework Class that listens for connections from TCP network clients.
qstring a class in Qt library which implements character strings.
differential-equations An equation that relates some unknown function itself and its derivatives of various orders.
with-statement A number of languages have With statements
spring-data-elasticsearch Spring Data makes it easier to build Spring-powered applications that use new data access technologies such as non-relational databases, map-reduce frameworks, and cloud based data services as well as…
regex-group created by placing part of a regular expression inside parentheses
kivy-language A language created and used in the Kivy framework to describe a widget structure of a project.
myfaces Apache MyFaces provides an implementation of the JSF specification , and a set of add-on libraries that work on any implementation of the specification.
opengl-3 OpenGL 3.0 is, after OpenGL 2.0, the second major release of OpenGL which, apart from some convenience updates, supports and requires a significantly advanced hardware generation
spawn loading and executing a new child process
neon a vector-processing instruction set for ARM processors.
libusb a library that gives user level applications uniform access to USB devices across many different operating systems.
dataview a .net class which represents a databindable, customized view of a DataTable for sorting, filtering, searching, editing, and navigation
polymer-2.x designed to support the new custom elements v1 and shadow DOM v1 specifications being implemented by most major browser vendors, while providing a smooth migration path for Polymer 1.x …
opensuse a free and opensource general purpose operating system built on top of the Linux kernel, developed by the community-supported openSUSE Project and sponsored by SUSE.
llvm-ir The LLVM Intermediate Representation
jquery-ui-slider The jQuery UI Slider plugin makes selected elements into sliders
strcpy used to copy non-overlapping, null-terminated strings
iphone-5 the sixth version of the iPhone released by Apple, Inc
collectionview The Marionette CollectionView displays a Backbone collection object by rendering each objects through the specified childView View object.
string-length String length most commonly refers to the number of characters contained within a string
ios-provisioning The process of preparing an application to run on an iOS device.
ng-class The angularjs ngClass directive allows you to set CSS classes on an HTML element, dynamically, by databinding an expression that represents all classes to be added.
primitive-types Built-in types in any programming language that are defined in an axiomatic way and cannot be divided into other types in the language.
spline a sufficiently smooth polynomial function that is piecewise-defined, and possesses a high degree of smoothness at the places where the polynomial pieces connect
bpmn Business Process Model & Notation
data-transfer Data transmission, digital transmission, or digital communications is the physical transfer of data over a point-to-point or point-to-multipoint communication channel.
gitolite software to manage a collection of Git repositories on a server accessible by SSH, without creating local accounts for the users
quicktime an extensible proprietary multimedia framework developed by Apple Inc
onresume an Activity life-cycle event generated by the Android OS when an Activity becomes the top-most one in the stack.
php-5.6 the successor to PHP 5.5
amazon-mws Amazon Marketplace Web Service is an integrated Web service API that helps Amazon sellers to programmatically exchange data on listings, orders, payments, reports, and more.
pecl a repository for PHP Extensions, providing a directory of all known extensions and hosting facilities for downloading and development of PHP extensions.
titlebar An area of a window in a graphical user interface , normally located at the top, that commonly displays the name of the application, options for manipulating the window, and other important infor…
datastax-java-driver A Java client driver for Apache Cassandra
modem A device that can modulate and demodulate
implode a PHP function that joins together an array and returning a string.
cname a type of resource record in the Domain Name System that specifies that the domain name is an alias of another, canonical domain name.
bittorrent a peer-to-peer file-sharing protocol.
alassetslibrary A cocoa-touch framework
logarithm the exponent by which another fixed value, the base, has to be raised to produce that number.
cheerio Fast, flexible, and lean implementation of core jQuery designed specifically for the server
redux-saga a library that aims to make side effects in React/Redux applications easier and better.
windows-server A family of server operating systems by Microsoft
playlist a list of media, such as audio or video, to be played in strict or random order
anova an acronym for
hammer.js an open-source library that can recognize gestures made by touch, mouse and pointerEvents
hosts used to map hostnames to IP addresses on a TCP/IP-enabled computer.
preload The term preload relates to techniques for improving performance by loading data/contents into memory/cache before processing or displaying it to users: preloading images in browsers to avoid delay in…
fusioncharts a JavaScript Charting library for web and mobile applications
maven-surefire-plugin used during the test phase of the build lifecycle to execute the unit tests of an application
linuxmint an operating system based on the Linux distribution Ubuntu.
mediastore The MediaStore provider contains meta data for all available media on both internal and external storage devices.
urlconnection a class that enables Java code to access data available from various urls.
imagej a Java-based open-source image processing program that is used extensively in scientific image analysis, particularly life sciences
vertex-shader executable programs that execute as part of the programmable geometry pipeline in modern graphics APIs such as e.g
swfobject an easy-to-use and standards-friendly method to embed Flash content, which utilizes one small JavaScript file.
ios-app-extension a feature introduced in iOS 8 that allows apps to extend their functionality and become available to users while they're using other apps
text-extraction the task of automatically extracting structured information from unstructured and/or semi-structured machine-readable documents .
user-accounts a data object that represents a physical user of a computer system
adobe-analytics Adobe Analytics provides real-time analytics for users across many marketing channels
persistent Generally in ORM and OOP , a persistent object refers to an object that exists in the database
core-foundation Core Foundation provides the fundamental data types and essential services that underlie both the Cocoa and Carbon environments on Mac OS X.
legacy an old application, technology, mainframe, method, etc., still having an influence on an organization.
bootstrap-typeahead Twitter Bootstrap's autocomplete feature
cmusphinx An open-source toolkit for speech recognition
checked The `checked` attribute of the HTML `input` tag used to set the checked state of the control to “on” by default
gradient-descent an algorithm for finding the minimum of a function
flowplayer A lightweight embeddable web media player for streaming content.
utf Unicode Transformation Format used for encoding Unicode code points
hyperledger-composer Hyperledger Composer provides a layer of abstraction on top of the Hyperledger Fabric blockchain for building business applications
tycho a Maven extension for building Eclipse artifacts: Eclipse plug-ins/OSGI bundles, features, p2 repositories, and RCP applications/Eclipse distributions
cloudinary a cloud-based image/asset hosting service with a rich API for manipulating images as you request them.
amazon-kinesis a fully managed service for real-time processing of streaming data at massive scale.
apigee You can get Apigee product related answers and support on the Apigee Community at http://community.apigee.com Apigee is part of Google team, that produces and sells an API Management Platform
api-key An application programming interface key is a code passed in by computer programs calling an API to identify the calling program, its developer, or its us…
testcase a set of conditions or variables under which a tester will determine whether an application or software system is working correctly or not.
objectdatasource ObjectDataSource control acts as a data interface for databound controls for such controls as: GridView, Repeater, FormView and DetailsView.
montecarlo stochastic systems that use many random samples to derive properties of a complex system.
floating related to GUI elements that either should be or appear to be floating above a panel or background, or in case of certain types of general layout.
getchar Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getchar` or `std::getchar`
beanshell Lightweight scripting for Java
cloudbees CloudBees provides products and services related to the Jenkins continuous integration/delivery server.
yeoman-generator a scaffolding system built on top of Node.js
django-registration a pluggable django app designed to make allowing user signups as painless as possible.
ftp-client is for questions dealing with the clients used for the file transfer protocol.
row-number An index or rank which indicates a row's position in a data-set.
relayjs a JavaScript framework for building data-driven React applications
google-street-view a technology featured in Google Maps and Google Earth that provides panoramic views from positions along many streets in the world
fftw FFTW, , is a C library which implements discrete Fourier Transforms
nsjsonserialization used to convert JSON to Foundation objects and Foundation objects to JSON
android-tv a smart TV platform under development running the Android operating system
cakephp-3.x Questions about 3.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
eventmachine a fast, reactor pattern library for Ruby programs
ngtable an AngularJS directive that is used for simple sorting and filtering html tables.
spring-java-config Spring Java Configuration provides a pure-Java means of configuring the Spring IoC container
winscp an open source free SFTP, FTP and SCP client for Windows
regular-language is a language which can be represented by a regular expression and thus every string in the language can be accepted by the corresponding deterministic finite automaton.
reactiveui Questions related to ReactiveUI, an MVVM framework that integrates with the Reactive Extensions
spring-rest for question about the REST architectural style used in Spring framework
magento-1.5 an Ecommerce platform written in PHP
circleci a hosted continuous integration testing tool integrated with popular code management services such as GitHub
custom-taxonomy Custom criteria that allow categorization, identification, nomenclature, and classification of various entities in software.
algebra the branch of mathematics concerning the study of the rules of operations and relations, and the constructions and concepts arising from them, including terms, polynomials, equations and al…
failover The automatic switching to a redundant or standby computer server, system, hardware component or network upon the failure or abnormal termination of the previously active application, server, system, …
kibana-4 a highly scalable user interface for `elasticsearch` that allows you to efficiently search, graph, analyze and otherwise make sense of a mountain of data
ctags a program that generates an index file of names found in source and header files of various programming languages.
blazeds a server-based Java remoting and web messaging technology that allows you to connect to back-end distributed data and push data in real-time to Flex and AIR Rich …
idioms a way to overcome a programming language limitation and/or to write commonly-used code with a purpose that is separated from a literal meaning of the code
gwt-rpc Google Web Toolkit - Remote Procedure Calls
marquee A non-standard HTML element that causes text to scroll automatically
cisco for software development issues related to Cisco hardware
android-audiomanager AudioManager provides access to volume and ringer mode control.
phpseclib a PHP library that provides pure-PHP implementations of: - BigIntegers - RSA - SSH2 - SFTP - X.509 - Symmetric key encryption - AES - Rijndael - DES - 3DES - RC4 …
auto The `auto` keyword was repurposed in C++11 for a deduced type
selectonemenu JSF tag to create a single-select menu.
unsafe In C# or Rust, the unsafe keyword marks code able to work directly with memory pointers, bypassing some of the language's safety checks
flat-file any system using a single file for storage with one record per line, usually plain-text or text mixed with binary data.
amazon-vpc Amazon Virtual Private Cloud lets you provision a private, isolated section of the Amazon Web Services Cloud where you can launch AWS resources in a virtual network that you define.…
avx an extension to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD.
avl-tree Named after its inventors, Adelson-Velskii and Landis, an AVL tree is a self-balancing binary search tree.
shadow-dom Shadow DOM, a key part of Web Components, allows you to create component-based apps using a subtree of DOM elements maintained in isolation from the main DOM.
ddms an Android SDK tool that provides port-forwarding services, screen capture on the device, thread and heap information on the device, logcat, process, and radio state information, incoming call…
listboxitem a GUI element which represents an item in a list surrounded by a box.
hard-drive a physical storage device used to save state for operating systems and individual software programs
prawn a fast, nimble Ruby library for creating PDF files.
otp a set of useful middle-ware, libraries and tools written in Erlang
reflection.emit The System.Reflection.Emit namespace contains classes that allow a compiler or tool to emit metadata and Microsoft intermediate language and optionally generate a PE file on disk.
noise random variation in a signal, for example errors in measurements of the position of a moving object.
android-build For questions related to the build process of Android Applications, for all build tools.
text-alignment Most word processing programs give you the capability to change the text alignment of a block of text
tty For questions related to terminal drivers and the behaviour of terminals for Unix and related systems.
xjc a JAXB tool for compiling XSD to Java source code.
mapbox-gl-js A WebGL JavaScript interactive maps library that can render Mapbox Vector Tiles.
jgit an EDL licensed, lightweight, pure Java library implementing the Git version control system.
cgrect a structure from the ApplicationServices framework used with Apple's OSX and iOS operating systems
displaytag library is an open source suite of custom Java Server Pages tags that provide high-level web presentation patterns which will work in an MVC model.
ondraw an event that is used in multiple languages/frameworks to notify the application that something needs to be drawn.
integer-overflow Integer overflow occurs when the result of an operation is larger than the maximal value that can be represented by the underlying integer type.
numberformatexception A `NumberFormatException` occurs in Java code when a programmer tries to convert a `String` into a number and the conversion fails.
ext.net an ASP.NET Component framework that integrates the Sencha Ext JS JavaScript framework
core-motion a framework within Apple's iOS SDK used to access all kind of motion sensor data
urbanairship.com an engine for mobile apps
wcf-rest A REST service built with WCF
crash-dumps A core dump or crash dump consists of the recorded state of the working memory of a computer program at a specific time, generally when the program has terminated abnormally
tomee the Java Enterprise Edition of Apache Tomcat that combines several Java enterprise projects.
string-literals String literals concern the syntactic representation of literal constant strings in C and C++.
built-in standard parts of a programming language or framework.
finder the default file manager used on Mac OS and Mac OS X operating systems.
upsert For issues relating to performing upsert operations.
slidingmenu a design pattern made popular by the Google+, YouTube, and Facebook apps.
composite-key a database key whose value is made up of multiple typed values
google-api-python-client The Google APIs Client Library for Python provides access to for Google's discovery based APIs
activemodel A toolkit for building modeling frameworks like Active Record
flip a UI effect
eclipse-pdt an open source IDE for PHP developers
r.java-file a file which holds references to project resources
spring-el The Spring Expression Language is a powerful expression language that supports querying and manipulating an object graph at runtime
sublime-text-plugin a multi-language, multi-platform code editor with a Python-based plugin API
udf a function provided by the user of a program or environment, in a context where the usual assumption is that functions are built into the program or environment
blackberry-simulator Use BlackBerry device simulators to demonstrate and test how the BlackBerry device software, screen, keyboard and trackwheel will work with your application
devtools An R package containing tools to ease the task of software development.
matlab-cvst The Computer Vision System Toolbox in Matlab.
anonymous The distinguishing feature of an anonymous class or function is that it has no name.
markers null
compass a charityware authoring framework
whm a hosting automation software used by server administrators and resellers to manage cPanel hosting accounts on a web server.
custom-wordpress-pages for questions relating to howto create custom page templates in WordPress
least-squares Refers to a general estimation technique that selects the parameter value to minimize the squared difference between two quantities, such as the observed value of a variable, and the expected value of…
matcher objects used among other things by testing libraries to check, if an object matches an abstract description of an expected state
midp a set of Java ME specifications
yii2-basic-app a skeleton Yii 2 application best for rapidly creating small projects.
pcm for questions about the Pulse-Code Modulation representation of sampled signals.
php-carbon a library written in PHP that extends the native DateTime class
tridion-2011 the name of the SDL Tridion Content Management System released in 2010
strpos PHP method to find the position of the first occurrence of a substring in a string
xpages-extlib XPages Extension Library, otherwise known as ExtLib, is an extension to the XPages environment
active-model-serializers The purpose of `ActiveModel::Serializers` is to provide an object to encapsulate serialization of `ActiveModel` objects, including `ActiveRecord` objects.
gimp the GNU Image Manipulation Program
threadpoolexecutor In Java, an ExecutorService that executes each submitted task using one of possibly several pooled threads.
multimap A container similar to a map but allowing duplicate keys
android-mediarecorder the Android class used for recording Audio and Video available since API Level 1.
cpython the default and most widely used implementation of the Python programming language
crystal-reports-2010 Crystal Reports library for Visual Studio 2010 for programmatically running and exporting reports.
bufferedwriter Java class for writing text to a character-output stream, buffering characters so as to provide for the efficient writing of single characters, arrays, and strings.
postmessage Cross-document messaging is an API introduced in the WHATWG HTML5 draft specification, allowing documents to communicate with one another across different origins, or source domains.…
survey null
suitescript a JavaScript-based API that gives developers the ability to extend NetSuite beyond the capabilities provided through SuiteBuilder point-and-click customization.
lighting Related to computer games' engines and 3d graphics software
wdk For questions about the Windows Driver Kit , which includes the tools and documentation needed to develop drivers for the Windows platform.
error-logging The process of recording errors in log file for diagnostic and Q&A purposes.
wrapping For questions regarding text and content wrapping at or across container borders.
kinect-sdk Official Microsoft Kinect for Windows SDK for building software, using C++, C# or Visual Basic, targetted at the Kinect for Windows hardware.
absolute-path global address for a file, independent from the working directory of the calling process
rpmbuild build rpms from rpm SPEC files
reloaddata Initially this was supposed to cover on Objective-C.
ngcordova a collection of 63+ AngularJS extensions on top of the Cordova API that make it easy to build, test, and deploy Cordova mobile apps with AngularJS.
subtraction a mathematical operation that represents the removal of an object from a collection.
sparkr an R package that provides a light-weight frontend to use Apache Spark from R.
bindingsource a .NET class that encapsulates the data source of a Windows form.
geofencing a virtual perimeter for a real-world geographic area
weblogic11g The 11.x release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE application server suite from Oracle
simplemembership the default membership provider in ASP.NET MVC4
rake-task the basic unit of work in a Rakefile.
material-design-lite an implementation of Material Design for the web by Google.
mingw32 MinGW, a contraction of minimalist GNU for Windows, is a minimalist development environment for native Microsoft Windows applications.
flurry a free, commercial service, owned by Yahoo, which provides monetization solutions for app publishers, anonymous usage statistics of apps and error/crash reports for apps on mobile devices.
android-facebook The Facebook SDK for integrating an Android app with Facebook
calabash An automated acceptance testing framework for Android and iOS
slidedown An effect of showing element with a sliding motion.
telephonymanager Telephony class for Android devices
window-resize Refers to events and behaviors occurred before, meanwhile and after a window being re-sized.
plupload a JavaScript library licensed under GPLv2 that allows you to upload files using HTML5, Gears, Silverlight, Flash, BrowserPlus or normal forms, providing some unique features such as upload…
perspective In Eclipse, a perspective defines the initial set and layout of views in the Workbench window
basic BASIC is a family of high-level programming languages designed to be easy to use.
arel a Relational Algebra for Ruby
facebook-sharer The Facebook Share button lets people add a personalized message to links before sharing on their timeline, in groups, or to their friends via a Facebook Message
ransack a Ruby gem that enables object-based searching against an application's models.
python-c-api API used by C and C++ programmers who want to write extension modules or embed Python.
jquery-cycle a slideshow plugin that supports many different types of transition effects
bing-api The Bing Application Programming Interface , enables developers to programmatically submit queries to and retrieve results from the Microsoft Bing Search Engine.
digits Questions dealing with getting, manipulating, or changing the digits of numbers
ios7.1 iOS 7.1 was released by Apple on March 10, 2014 and includes new features and significant UI and performance improvements.
zebra-printers generally thermal bar code label and receipt printers which can understand ZPL, EPL, CPCL, or KPL languages
stopwatch The System.Diagnostics.Stopwatch class in .Net, used to accurately measure elapsed time.
naivebayes a popular method for text-classification.
downloading The generic concept of downloading information over a network
bounds In user interfaces and graphics, bounds refer to the size and location of a window or view.
citrix name of a company which stands for many applications round about IT virtualization, especially for Microsoft products
gherkin the language used to write specifications for Cucumber, Specflow and similar BDD frameworks
livecode The LiveCode programming language is a cross-platform rapid application development language.
pytorch a deep learning framework that implements a dynamic computational graph, which allows you to change the way your network behaves on the fly.
sms-gateway a way of sending a text message with or without using a mobile phone
ellipse a plane curve that results from the intersection of a cone by a plane in a way that produces a closed curve
event-sourcing a design pattern that captures all changes to an application's state as a sequence of events.
throw a keyword in various languages used for signaling an exception.
skaction Questions about programming SKAction objects in Apple's SpriteKit graphics rendering and animation framework.
paypal-subscriptions Refers to PayPal Subscriptions and Recurring Payments
language-features a distinct aspect of a programming language, such as binding rules, lexical design, or facets of the type system.
spring-4 Version 4.x of the Spring Framework
scala-2.10 Version 2.10 of the Scala language for the JVM
preloader usually referred to the Gif image shown to user to indicate wait or processing state.
hornetq an open source asynchronous messaging project from JBoss.
jcarousel an open source jQuery plugin that implements the common image/text feature of scrollable blocks of content.
floating-point-precision Anything related to the precision of a floating-point number representation
nested-class In Object Oriented programming, a class defined inside another class
windows-10-iot-core A small but mighty operating system based on Windows 10, designed specifically for Internet-of-Things devices
wss WSS stands for Windows SharePoint Services, SharePoint Server 2007's brother
netflix-eureka AWS Service registry for resilient mid-tier load balancing and failover.
variant a tagged union that holds other data types
masstransit a free, open source, lightweight service bus for the Microsoft .NET framework.
fuzzy-search to find all approximate, relevant or possibly relevant results for the search-key rather than finding an exact match.
hl7 The HL7 messaging standard is a communication standard for exchanging electronic information in the domain of health care.
csom a web services-based API of SharePoint allowing easy remote access to data and SharePoint's functions.
self-signed a type of security certificates that are signed by the same entity that actually uses the certificate.
servicemix an open source ESB that combines the functionality of a Service Oriented Architecture and an Event Driven Architecture to create an agile, en…
oledbconnection An OleDbConnection object represents a unique connection to a data source
delegation a type that references a method
cobertura a free and open-source Java tool based on jcoverage that calculates the percentage of code and branches covered by tests.
carriage-return one of the control characters in ASCII code, Unicode, EBCDIC, and many other codes
assertion a software construct where the developer states a condition that he believes will always be true
appendchild adds a node to the end of the list of children of a specified parent node
nsimage a high-level class for manipulating image data
scala.js a Scala to JavaScript compiler deemed production-ready as of version 0.6.0.
opennlp Apache's libraries for natural language processing .
autodesk-forge For questions related to Autodesk's developer platform.
triangulation either using angular measurements along a baseline to find the location of points, or splitting a polygon into triangles so that it can be rendered by a graphics library.
prometheus The Prometheus monitoring system, including the server, alertmanager, push gateway, exporters, client libraries and other components.
serverless-framework Serverless Framework – Build and maintain web, mobile and IoT applications running on AWS Lambda, Google Cloud Functions or Azure Functions
intellij-14 a popular IDE by JetBrains
eclipse-adt a plugin for Eclipse that facilitates building Android applications.
bpm Business process management revolves around how organizations perform various tasks such as what tools are used and how they should be kept updated to maximize efficiency.
dylib Xcode Dynamic Library file extension
hebrew written right to left , much like Arabic and Farsi, requiring special handling when mixing Roman numerals and Latin characters in order to maintain correct flow.
data-cleaning the process of removing or repairing errors, and normalizing data used in computer programs
detailsview a data-bound control that renders a single record at a time from its associated data source
crystal-reports-xi Question about SAP Crystal Reports reporting application, version 11 or 11.5
cryptojs a growing collection of standard and secure cryptographic algorithms implemented in JavaScript using best practices and patterns
autoresize Autoresize refers to a computed dimension of a GUI element which is implicitly recalculated.
netcat a command for performing read/write operations on TCP or UDP network connections.
amazon-elastic-beanstalk a PaaS service from Amazon Web Services that allows users to create applications and push them to a definable set of AWS services.
perl6 for all questions related to the Perl 6 programming language.
user-roles a group of users that share the same privileges or permissions on a system
task-queue With the Task Queue API, applications can perform work outside of a user request, initiated by a user request.
spring-saml Spring Security SAML Extension enables seamless inclusion of SAML 2.0 Service Provider capabilities in Spring applications.
pexpect a pure Python module that reads the output of a program and sends input to that program based on output patterns
rcurl an R package that provides an R-friendly wrapper for the libcurl C library.
apache2.4 for Apache version 2.4.x specific question.
ashx ASP.NET Web Handler file extension
alter a SQL keyword used to change or modify the table structure or the records in a table.
django-staticfiles A Django app that provides helpers for serving static files.
gitlab-ci-runner GitLab Runner repository, this application run tests and sends the results to GitLab CI
malware any malicious software, script, or code developed or used for the purpose of compromising or harming information assets without the owner’s informed consent
pem PEM, is a base64 container format for encoding keys and certificates.
fbml Facebook Markup Language enabled one to build Facebook applications that deeply integrate into a user's Facebook experience
n-gram an ordered collection of N elements of the same kind, usually presented in a large collection of many other similar N-grams
tex a typesetting system, where the output is defined by command-sequences
dbf ISAM database format originally created in dBase but used by many other systems and still widely used for information interchange.
indy10 a reference to a specific version of Indy.
class-method called on a class instead of on an object.
geoip the process of analyzing an IP address and determining the geographical location of that end point.
coldfusion-8 For issues relating to using ColdFusion, version 8.
vscode-settings Visual Studio Code User or Workspace Settings provide a way of override default settings in order to customise the development experience.
mosquitto An Open Source MQTT v3.1/v3.1.1 Broker
kendo-ui-angular2 a commercial UI toolkit for Angular 4+
mq The term 'mq' refers either to the general topic of message queuing or any of several implementations of messaging middleware with in the name
git-remote a command used to manage the set of tracked remote repositories.
google-cloud-pubsub Connect your services with reliable, many-to-many, asynchronous messaging hosted on Google's infrastructure
function-overloading For issues relating to overloading functions or methods.
surface a two-dimensional shape in a three-dimensional space.
database-partitioning the act of splitting a database into separate parts, usually for manageability, performance or availability reasons.
tbb Intel Threading Building Blocks is an open-source portable C++ template library for writing software programs that take advantage of multi-core processors.
standard-library The standard library contains core utilities provided by all implementations of the language.
rule Rule might refer to various things: business rules, JUnit rules, a rule of thumb, rules engines, rules in Makefiles ...
rodbc RODBC provides an ODBC database interface for R
azure-logic-apps part of Azure App Service
notify null
screen-capture the act of copying the content of the screen to an image or other data structure, either to a file or memory.
boost-spirit-qi a practical, scalable parsing library for C++
visual-studio-express a set of freeware integrated development environments developed by Microsoft that are lightweight versions of the Microsoft Visual Studio product line.
aforge a C# framework for computer vision and artificial intelligence
point-clouds a set of vertices in three-dimensional space, and is commonly the data set output by 3D scanners.
ref The ref keyword causes an argument to be passed by reference, not by value
hdl a Hardware Description Language, a programming language used to design chips
python-unicode Python distinguishes between byte strings and unicode strings
bootstrap-datetimepicker a datepicker widget by tarruda that uses Twitter's bootstrap library
ef-database-first The Database First Approach of Entity Framework provides an alternative to the Code First and Model First approaches to the Entity Data Model and it creates model codes
activity-lifecycle managed as an activity stack
recovery on any questions related to data recovery .
signalr.client Async signaling library for .NET applications, as well as WindowsPhone applications, to help build real-time, multi-user interactive web applications.
screen-size usually described by the length of its diagonal, which is the distance between opposite corners.
greedy an algorithm that follows the problem solving heuristic of making the locally optimal choice at each stage with the hope of finding a global optimum.
clickable to a graphics user interface item, which can be clicked using the mouse or tapped .
textwrapping a method for fitting text into an area by moving any text that overflows its boundaries onto a new line.
viewbag a dynamic type object in the ASP.NET MVC framework that can be used to send miscellaneous data from the controller to the view.
badge a concise visual indication of something important to the user
n-tier Multi-tier architecture is a client–server architecture in which the presentation, the application processing, and the data management are logically separate…
monkeypatching Dynamically modifying run-time behavior by replacing program elements with new program elements
greendao an object/relational mapping tool for Android
nscalendar an Apple MacOS and iOS class to deal with calendrical computation.
firefox-os a discontinued open source HTML5 based operating system developed for mobile devices by the Mozilla Corporation
spring-xd a unified, distributed, and extensible system for data ingestion, real time analytics, batch processing, and data export
bpel BPEL stands for Business Process Execution Language, an XML language for orchestrating Web services
ognl OGNL stands for Object-Graph Navigation Language
summernote Super simple WYSIWYG Editor using Bootstrap
vertex a single point in a 3D object, used for simple model creation or advanced animation systems.
ubuntu-server a flavour of the Ubuntu operating system
sharepoint-workflow Sharepoint workflow sits on the top of windows workflow and adds the human workflow flavor.
interstitial Full screen advertisements for Android and iOS applications.
qgraphicsscene a class from the Qt toolkit that provides a surface for managing a large number of 2D graphical items.
web-controls classes that allow you to create Web server controls on a Web page
tensorflow-gpu TensorFlow with GPU support
asmack Before Smack added native support for Android in Smack 4,1, aSmack was the build environment for using the Smack library on Android, enabling XMPP protocols.
aptana3 Refers to version 3 of the Aptana IDE
biztalk-2010 7th version of Microsoft's ESB and B2B platform.
bluez the Bluetooth stack implemented in most Linux kernels.
music-player Questions related to programs, libraries, or interfaces for playing audio/sound/music files generally end to end
skscene An SKScene object represents a scene of content in Sprite Kit
forward Forwards a request from a servlet to another resource on the server.
jquery-ui-droppable The jQuery UI Droppable plugin makes selected elements droppable so they accept being dropped on by draggables.
getusermedia Method of programmatically accessing external device data from a browser.
google-sites an online open source platform for building static websites.
bounding-box the smallest box that encloses a geometry
android-datepicker a widget for selecting a date
weight In programming, weight refers to changing the value of parameters to affect the program's outcome
u-boot a GPL'd bootloader for embedded boards supporting multiple processor architectures.
right-click pressing the right or secondary button on a mouse.
yuv a color space typically used as part of a color image pipeline.
pygobject provided by PyGObject through introspection.
twitter-fabric Twitter Fabric was a mobile SDK and platform which allows developers to build better apps
raycasting A rendering technique to create a 3D perspective in a 2D map
cfml a dynamic general-purpose programming language, especially suited for web and intranet development
jackrabbit The Apache Jackrabbit™ content repository is a fully conforming implementation of the Content Repository for Java Technology API
erp Enterprise Resource Planning intends to provide a complete view of business by integrating accounting, human resources, supply chain management, capacity planning, production scheduling, custome…
tree-traversal The process of visiting each node in a tree based on certain criterion.
type-erasure the process where the compiler removes all information related to type parameters and type arguments within a class or method when a generic type is instantiated
bbcode a lightweight markup language used to format posts in many message boards
gemfile Gemfile - A format for describing gem dependencies for Ruby programs
b-tree a type of self balancing search tree where each node can hold multiple keys and all leaf nodes are the same distance from the root.
cjk CJK stands for Chinese, Japanese and Korean and is used to label issues common to these East Asian languages and their large character repertoires.
distributed-system A distributed system consists of a collection of autonomous computers, connected through a network and distribution middleware, which enables computers to coordinate their activities and to share the …
user-profile a section, page or tab, used to manage and display a set of personal information of a certain user.
oracle9i a relational database management system product
blackberry-webworks an HTML5 based platform created by Research In Motion for building applications for BlackBerry SmartPhones and Tablets
developer-tools an application used to write, edit, or debug another application, or web site
compareto found in the .NET Framework and Java and imposes the natural ordering of a class
google-places An API providing detailed information about 100 million places, using the database behind Google Maps and Google+.
moose a postmodern object system for Perl 5 that takes the tedium out of writing object-oriented Perl
administration Refers to a wide range of system administration tasks
aar the binary distribution of an Android library project.
bios built into the PC, and is the first code run by a PC when powered on
android-checkbox Checkboxes allow the user to select one or more options from a set.
pushstate The HTML5 History API allows a web page to manipulate the contents of the history stack in order to dynamically update the URL and respond to the back button.
sts-springsourcetoolsuite the Eclipse-powered development environment for building Spring-powered enterprise applications
interrupt-handling The concept of handling system interrupts in an application or embedded system.
c#-6.0 shipped along with Roslyn and Visual Studio 2015.
android-videoview An Android View to manage and display a video file.
arduino-ide an open source IDE running on Windows, Mac OSX and Linux.
static-variables In object oriented programming, a static variable is a variable which belongs to the class and not to object & a single copy to be shared by all instances of the class.
outlook-2007 For issues relating to integrating with Microsoft Outlook, release 2007.
symfony-sonata to provide an e-commerce framework solution based on the Symfony framework.
subsonic3 A Super High-fidelity Batman Utility Belt that works up your data access , throws in some much-needed utility functions, and generally speeds along your development cycl…
stringr An R package for string manipulation.
web-frameworks a software framework that is designed to support the development of dynamic websites, web applications and web services
parseint a function that returns the integer representation of a given string.
phoenix an open source project in the Hadoop ecosystem
gnu-screen a full-screen window manager that multiplexes a physical terminal between several processes, typically interactive shells
erase refers to the process of removing or deleting data, text, files, or memory.
qgraphicsitem the base class for all graphical items in a QGraphicsScene.
sessionid a unique identifier that relates session data to a specific user.
margins in Typography: space around the elements in Machine Learning: a margin classifier may use in analysis of data and recognize of patterns, used for classification
minimize to replace one object with another object that can restore the original when selected.
simplemodal a lightweight jQuery plugin which provides a powerful interface for modal dialog development
ttk the themed widget set for the Tk toolkit, previously known as Tile.
nsoutlineview a subclass of NSTableView that uses a row-and-column format to display hierarchical data that can be expanded and collapsed, such as directories and files in a file system
stress-testing a form of testing that is used to determine the stability of a given system or entity
slim-lang a lightweight template engine for Ruby whose goal is reduce the syntax to the essential parts without becoming cryptic.
dynamics-ax-2009 one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
observers An object which registers itself to listen for updates on another object
framework7 a free and open source HTML mobile framework to develop hybrid mobile apps or web apps with iOS native look and feel.
iso-8859-1 part of the ISO/IEC 8859 series of ASCII-based standard character encodings, first edition published in 1987.
batch-rename a form of batch processing used to rename multiple computer files and folders.
droppable Usually refers to a HTML element that can be dropped onto another element by dragging
android-syncadapter An Android service that synchronizes data between an Android device and a server
facebook-unity-sdk Questions related to Facebook's SDK for building Facebook apps with Unity
jquery-hover The .hover method binds handlers for both mouseenter and mouseleave events.
formatter A formatter may be any program or piece of program that modifies a file or input text so that it complies to a given format, or generate a text in a given format from input data
gulp-sass a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS.
asp.net-4.5 Refers to the version 4.5 of the ASP.NET web application framework introduced with the .NET Framework 4.5
bitset A bit array is an array data structure that compactly stores individual bits .
use-case a type of behavioral diagram defined by and created from a Use-case analysis
unhandled-exception an Exception that is thrown by execution but is never caught by the program, which results in a Exception Stack.
wsdl2java a JAX-RPC tool that is run against the WSDL file to create Java APIs and deployment descriptor templates according to these specifications.
sage SageMath, the Sage Mathematical Software System: free software for Computational Mathematics, based on Python
ivalueconverter an interface defined in Microsoft .NET XAML for use in WPF and Silverlight
google-closure a framework for writing large-scale applications in JavaScript
names null
depth the length of the path to its root
icu a set of cross-platform open source C/C++ and Java libraries for Unicode and globalization support
atmega a product line within Atmel's AVR micro-controller family.
actionlink In ASP.NET MVC, the ActionLink method renders an element that links to an action method in a controller
objective-c-runtime a runtime support library provided with an implementation of the Objective-C language
graphql-js The JavaScript reference implementation for GraphQL, a query language created by Facebook for describing data requirements on complex application data models.
sumifs an Excel function, introduced with Excel 2007 , which allows for the summation of values selected according to several criteria – addition is only of cells meeting all the conditions.
bootstrapper programs that run a sequence of installation packages one after another
cqlsh a python-based command line client for executing Cassandra Query Language
recording Questions related to recording of media like audio, video and speech.
region Can refer to many different things depending on the use of other tags with it.
uicontainerview no public UIContainerView class in Cocoa Touch, but there is a pattern that uses a UIViewController as a container for one or more child view controllers
gsl a numerical library for C and C++ programmers.
siblings The term refers to a kind of relationship between two items in a tree structure
android-appbarlayout a vertical LinearLayout which implements many of the features of material designs app bar concept, namely scrolling gestures.
firebase-notifications a free service that enables targeted user notifications for mobile app developers
solrnet an Apache Solr client for .NET
datastore a generic term for a system which stores data
bitmapfactory A bitmap factory creates Bitmap objects from various sources, including files, streams, and byte-arrays.
isabelle a generic proof assistant, with Isabelle/HOL as main instance.
lync the server, client application & SDK designed for use with Microsoft Lync Server to provide Instant Messaging, audio/video, file and desktop sharing features to organisations.
freetds a set of libraries for Unix and Linux that allows your programs to natively talk to Microsoft SQL Server and Sybase databases.
cron-task a task executed periodically at certain times or dates by the cron scheduler.
pinchzoom Gesture which allows the user to zoom in by moving two fingers closer together while touching the display.
pragma The #pragma directives offer a way for each compiler to offer machine- and operating system-specific features while retaining overall compatibility with the C and C++ languages.
stackpanel A WPF component for displaying a list of elements in a horizontal or vertical stack.
gradle-plugin a project build automation tool
bit-fields used to compactly store multiple logical values as a short series of bits where each of the single bits can be addressed separately.
karaf a small OSGi based runtime which provides a lightweight container onto which various components and applications can be deployed.
android-navigation-drawer a panel that transitions in/out from the edge of the screen and displays the app’s main navigation options.
random-sample the algorithmic generation of random sequences with specified properties.
xforms XML specification for web forms.
swrevealviewcontroller A UIViewController subclass for presenting side view controllers inspired on the FaceBook and Wunderlist apps
aws-cognito AWS Cognito is a user Authentication and Authorization Service Provided by Amazon Web Services
colorbar Questions that include the use and customization of colorbars in figures
graphicsmagick GraphicsMagick provides a robust collection of tools and libraries that support reading, writing, and manipulating images in over 88 major formats
business-logic the abstract thought process behind decision making in human transactions
notepad a simple text editor for Microsoft Windows
expandablelistadapter An adapter that links a ExpandableListView with the underlying data.
dimension In physics and mathematics, the dimension of a space or object is informally defined as the minimum number of coordinates needed to specify any point within it
owasp The Open Web Application Security Project is an organization that wants to inform people about application security
gas Relevant topics include Gnu Assembler macros, machine dependant syntax, linkage and file format issues
consul a tool for discovering and configuring services in the infrastructure.
offline-caching Offline caching typically means storing locally the data obtained from a remote service to make it possible to browse the data even when there is no connection to the storage.
mysql2 meant to serve the extremely common use-case of connecting, querying and iterating on results
hibernate-envers a core module of the Hibernate framework that enables simple entity auditing and change tracking using annotations and simple configuration steps.
coreos CoreOS provides a new server operating system for running thousands of servers themselves.
spark-cassandra-connector Connects Apache Spark and Cassandra for clustered queries
msysgit msysGit was formerly the development environment to compile Git for Windows 1.0
raw-input The raw input API provides a stable and robust way for applications to accept raw input from any HID , including the keyboard and mouse.
serial-communication Is the process that sends data sequentially through a transmission medium one bit per time.
intellij-plugin Plugin Development for IntelliJ IDEA
nonetype Nonetype refers to an object or type whose value is null .
keyup The event that happens when a key on the keyboard gets lifted up after pressing it.
ns2 Network Simulator version 2, more popularly known as ns-2, is an open source event driven network simulator
compile-time Refers to the information that can be inferred or known at the time source code is compiled, as opposed to information that can only be inferred when source code is run
dynamics-crm-2016 a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
git-log Shows the commit logs of a Git repo
coalesce a SQL function that returns the first non-NULL expression among its arguments
connection-timeout When a process attempts to connect to a remote service, and fails to do so after a predetermined period of time.
caml CAML is an XML based markup language used with the family of Microsoft SharePoint technologies
jdk1.6 For issues relating to setting up or using the Java Development Kit , version 1.6.
phpbb Free and open source forum software written in PHP
ios-charts a powerful chart framework for iOS, written in Swift.
fragmentpageradapter a subclass of the PagerAdapter class from the Android compatibility package that represents each page, in the ViewPager where is used, as a Fragment.
android-launcher the app responsible for showing the home screen, live homescreen widgets, wallpapers and displaying an app list
excel-addins self-contained programs that extend or add functionality to .
angular-reactive-forms Questions about Angular Reactive Forms, includes Reactive Forms for Angular versions 2, 4 and all succeeding versions
http-authentication a method for a HTTP user agent to provide a user name and a certain proof confirming the user's identity when making a request
url-rewrite-module a module for IIS 7 that lets website owners create custom rewrite rules for their site.
system-tray For questions about the system notification area , on topics such as examining or adjusting the tray icons in the notification area, and issuing or capturing not…
mapi Messaging Application Programming Interface is a messaging architecture and a Component Object Model based API for Microsoft Windows
android-gson GSON to fetch and parse JSON into Java Models for Android
flatten Flattening refers to either reducing a multi-dimensional array to a single dimension or to reducing a class and class methods to handle based function calls.
flask-restful an extension for Flask that adds support for quickly building REST APIs.
java-bytecode-asm a Java library used for JVM bytecode manipulation and creation.
messenger Allow sharing content from your app into Facebook Messenger.
flow a meta tag and should not be used
filezilla an open-source FTP project
apache-kafka-streams Related to Apache Kafka's built-in stream processing engine called Kafka Streams, which is a Java library for building distributed stream processing apps using Apache Kafka.
3g For questions about 3G mobile networking and communications standards and their implementations.
parallel.foreach a .Net method for processing a collection in parallel.
weather For questions about scientific computing involving weather analysis and/or simulations
nashorn an open-source, JVM-based JavaScript engine
android-keystore The Android system requires that all installed applications be digitally signed with a certificate whose private key is held by the application's developer
smtplib a Python module that defines an SMTP client session object
nscoding a protocol from Apple Foundation framework
concurrenthashmap The Java ConcurrentHashMap data structure
master-slave null
iso8601 the International Standards Organization's standard for representing time as a string
watson-conversation A Watson Developer Cloud service that combines a number of cognitive technologies to easily simulate a more human-like conversational interface
ip-camera An Internet protocol camera which sends video data over the Internet
database-project Visual Studio Database Projects allow developers to create, manage, update, and deploy databases with the same development tools and processes as any other source code project.
xunit.net a unit testing tool for the .NET Framework
websphere-portal a set of software tools that enables companies to build and manage web portals.
socks an Internet protocol that routes network packets between a client and server through a Proxy server.
selenium-firefoxdriver a WebDriver implementation that controls the Firefox browser using a Firefox plugin.
modx-revolution An open source content management framework based on PHP & MySQL
crypto++ a free C++ class library of cryptographic schemes.
bootstrap-table an extended Bootstrap table with radio, checkbox, sort, pagination, and other added features.
surf a feature detection algorithm used in many .
savefiledialog a class in the .NET Framework that prompts the user to select a location for saving a file.
sbcl Steel Bank Common Lisp: an open-source compiler and runtime implementation of ANSI Common Lisp.
in-memory-database An in-memory database is a database management system that primarily relies on main memory for computer data storage
luis Questions about Language Understanding Intelligence Service , an API within Microsoft Cognitive Services that teaches your apps to understand commands from your users.
dhcp The Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol is an auto configuration protocol used on IP networks.
ports Applications and services use unique ports to communicate with other devices over a network
xerces a collection of software libraries for parsing, validating, serializing and manipulating XML
database-restore null
didselectrowatindexpath a UITableView delegate method which is called when the user selects a row on a table view
custom-keyboard Relating to a custom keyboard created to override the default onscreen keyboard in a user interface
evernote a synchronized note service with web integration and sharing features
google-geocoding-api a webservice for the Google Maps API
google-apps-marketplace Google Apps Marketplace contains enterprise applications that can be added to a Google Apps domain.
formbuilder an application or library used for creating forms
modularity Modularity describes the degree to which a system’s components may be separated and recombined
appharbor a cloud application platform for .NET
headless those which do not support standard user interface devices, such as monitors, keyboards and mice.
pageobjects A design pattern to represent a web page as an object
spring-cloud-netflix Spring-Cloud-Netflix provides Netflix OSS integrations for Spring Boot apps through autoconfiguration and binding to the Spring Environment and other Spring programming model idioms.
sql-view a stored query
posixct In the R language, the classes are representing calendar dates and times .
jspm a package manager for the SystemJS universal module loader, built on top of the dynamic ES6 module loader.
netflix-zuul an edge service that provides dynamic routing, monitoring, resiliency, security, and more
led a semiconductor light source
pg the name of an extension for Ruby that provides access to libpq, the C application programmer’s interface to the PostgreSQL RDBMS.
angularjs-e2e The End-to-End testing framework for AngularJS.
stylecop StyleCop analyzes C# source code to enforce a set of style and consistency rules.
stackexchange.redis A high performance .NET redis client library
sonata an open source set of bundles which are built on top of Symfony2.
glm-math a C++ math library designed to mimic the OpenGL Shading Language's math functions and types as closely as possible.
mobx Functional reactive programming library in JavaScript.
msbuild-task MSBuild tasks give the MSBuild platform the ability to execute any number of actions during the build process
nivo-slider Nivo Slider - jQuery & WordPress Image Slider
google-search-api The Google Custom Search API enables licensed API access, via REST calls, to the Google search engine.
html-encode Anything related to encoding or decoding HTML entities.
directx-9 the 9th version of Microsoft's DirectX API, which is used to develop and handle tasks related to Multimedia, such as game programming, 3d visualizations and video on Microsoft platforms i…
datatables-1.10 a plug-in for the jQuery Javascript library
quickfix an open source implementation of FIX protocol, currently compatible with the FIX 4.0-5.0 specifications.
equinox for questions about Equinox which is an implementation of the OSGi R4 core framework specification, a set of bundles that implement various optional OSGi services and other infrastructure…
epoll a Linux 2.6 readiness notification API for sockets, pipes, and special event-, signal-, and timer descriptors which can operate both in level- and edge-triggered mode, although presently only…
safari-extension a way to develop and distribute additional functionality for Apple's Safari web browser.
msxml the Microsoft XML core services, which includes a full XML DOM implementation.
back-stack a stack in which activities within an Android task are arranged
webdriver-io a JavaScript library for controlling browsers with Selenium server via the WebDriver API.
gdata-api a Rest style web protocol to pragmatically interact with google applications and a services, like Google Docs, Contacts and Calendar etc.
email-client An email client, email reader, or more formally mail user agent , is a computer program used to manage a user's email.
dbunit a JUnit extension targeted at database-driven projects that, among other things, puts your database into a known state between test runs.
jcheckbox the Java Swing implementation of a check box, an item that can be selected or deselected, and which displays its state to the user.
default-constructor a parameterless constructor, often generated by the compiler.
image-scaling The use of interpolation to spatially stretch or squeeze an image by manipulating the underlying image data -- directly, or through API or ABI calls.
awtrobot used to programmatically trigger input events such as key press events and mouse actions & can also perform screenshot capture.
asyncsocket Asynchronous sockets allow for multiple simultaneous non-blocking socket connections.
ml a family of functional programming languages, including SML, OCaml, and F#.
voiceover a screen reader for users with visual and ambulatory disabilities built into Apple's OS X and iOS operating systems
codedom a framework which can be used to create an expression tree representing real code structures in a language-independent way
jqgrid-asp.net a commercial grid component for ASP.NET & PHP based on the world's most popular and flexible jQuery grid plugin jqGrid.
concrete5 an open source content management system written in PHP and based on the Zend Framework
jcrop the quick and easy way to add image cropping functionality to your web application
openoffice-calc related to OpenOffice.org Calc, a spreadsheet application which is similar to Microsoft Excel.
openam an open source access management, entitlements and federation server platform.
interaction null
gestures to a method of interaction with graphical user interface
delphi-xe4 a specific version of Delphi released in April 2013.
tasm an x86 assembler by Borland
stax StAX stands for Streaming API for XML
exchange-server-2010 Microsoft reached the Release to manufacturing milestone for Exchange Server 2010 on May, 2009, and it was officially launched on November 9, 2009.
fuse Fuse stands for Filesystem in Userspace
bazaar a free distributed version control system .
response.redirect An ASP method that causes the browser to redirect the client to a different URL.
restify a module for use with node.js that facilitates the creation of REST web services.
pki Public Key Infrastructure
nsbundle An NSBundle object represents a location in the file system that groups code and resources that can be used in a program
fiware-orion Fiware-orion refers to the Orion Context Broker, a C++ implementation of the NGSIv2 REST API binding developed as a part of the FIWARE platform.
mifare the well-known trademark of RFID and NFC chips used in cards, tags and mobile phones.
code-organization the way how code is placed in a project.
azure-notificationhub A Microsoft Azure service which enables very-high-scale push notifications to Windows, Windows Phone, iOS, Android, and future platforms, using either native payloads or templates, and tags to target …
asp.net-mvc-areas An organizational concept present in ASP.NET MVC, that allows the developer to partition a large web application into smaller units.
bugzilla a Web-based bug tracking application.
skip a construct that manipulates iteration .
smb Server Message Block, network-protocol for sharing files and printers implemented by Windows, Samba and others
sitefinity for questions related to Sitefinity development including those related to templates, API, widget designers, Thunder, etc
stage In case of ActionScript terminology, stage is used as a parent Display Object of all assets like images, text, videos, swf, etc
textwatcher an interface in the Android SDK that can be attached to an Editable object to see when that Editable's text changes.
unrecognized-selector an exception in Cocoa and Cocoa Touch, thrown when an object receives a message to which it cannot respond.
qtreeview a class in Qt framework
exploit a piece of software, a chunk of data, or sequence of commands that takes advantage of a bug, glitch, or vulnerability in order to cause unintended or unanticipated behavior to occur
dynamics-crm-2015 the 7th version of the Microsoft Dynamics CRM platform launched in the end of 2014
administrator a user account on an operating system which allow make changes that can affect other users , c…
formview a data-bound control that is nothing but a templated version of DetailsView control.
flex-spark the new component skinning library introduced in Adobe Flex 4.
soundpool Android API : The SoundPool class manages and plays audio resources for applications
replaceall The replaceAll method in java is used to replace all instances of a character in a string with another character.
uiwindow The UIWindow class defines objects that manage and coordinate the windows an application displays on the screen.
ui-testing defined as to test the interface between the application and the end user.
gradlew an executable file created by the gradle wrapper plugin, to replace the normal gradle executable for a project
import-from-excel Information taken from Microsoft Excel and imported in to another system
supervisor one of the core things that make Erlang/OTP what it is
cp a UNIX command used to copy a file
django-settings a Python module with module-level variables that contains all the configuration of your Django installation such as, Databases, Installed apps and Media and Static location t…
delphi-10-seattle a specific version of Delphi released in August 2015
carbon FOR MACOS ONLY! Use for other usages
alphabetical to describe the way of ordering a sequence in the same order as the alphabet
upstart an event-based replacement for the traditional init daemon used to perform tasks when the computer is started.
node-mysql A pure node.js JavaScript Client implementing the MySql protocol
playframework-2.4 based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
queryover a strongly-typed fluent-like wrapper on top of NHibernate ICritieria, a database-agnostic query API that supports query composition.
vb6-migration for questions about migrating existing applications, or legacy code, from Visual Basic 6 to a more modern platform
ms-project a tool to help plan projects and track progress against that plan
single-table-inheritance the simplest of several ways to design SQL tables that reflect a class/subclass or generalization/specialization relationship.
anonymous-class a local class without a name
args args contains the command-line arguments passed to the program upon invocation.
.bash-profile A shell script, executed when a bash user logs on.
datagram a unitary message delivered entire over a network, typically via UDP, and typically with no guarantee on order or reliability of message delivery.
lookup-tables an array or matrix of data that contains items that can be searched
neo4jclient an open source .NET client for the Neo4j graph database.
swift-protocols Protocols specific to the Swift language
recv BSD Sockets function used for receiving data from a TCP socket.
ostream the base class for output streams.
watson a cognitive system enabling a new partnership between people and computers.
robot Questions related to physical robots in general should use this tag
oci the Oracle Call Interface, used for direct programming access to an Oracle Database
readability a subjective parameter used to measure an aspect of code quality
android-inflate Instantiates a layout XML file into its corresponding View objects
ckan an open-source data management system to build data portals focused on open data
instances a specific realization of any object.
httpsession An Java interface used by the servlet container to create a session between an HTTP client and an HTTP server.
emacs24 Version 24 of the GNU Emacs text editor.
burn the WiX engine used to chain multiple installation packages into a singular, more seamless setup experience.
azure-search a fully managed Azure Cloud service that offers rich full-text indexing and search
connectivity Anything related to connectivity, i.e
ebay-api Application programming interface for integrating third-party programs with the eBay platform
openal a cross-platform audio API that allows for efficient rendering of environmental, 3D positional audio.
dispatch Dynamic dispatch is the process of mapping a message to a specific sequence of code at runtime
removechild removes and returns a child node from the DOM
tween Animation technique of frame interpolation between keyframes.
toggleclass The toggleClass method in jQuery provides a mechanism for adding or removing a class or list of classes by name from selected elements.
dllexport a C and C++ compiler directive, which automates exporting of functions or variables when creating a DLL .
angular-ng-if An Angular core directive that toggles the presence of the targeted element in the DOM
ziparchive a PHP extension for manipulating zip compressed archives
android-gridlayout one of Android's ViewGroup subclasses that places its children in a rectangular grid.
sequences any type for which there is a bijective relation between the integers `0..n` and the elements of the sequence, and the elements may be accessed in the order `0..n`, where `n` is the numb…
pdf.js an HTML5-based Portable Document Format renderer.
fckeditor WYSIWYG HTML editor and predecessor to CKEditor
diskspace Issues relating to availability of disk space.
user-defined-types a type that customize by user
timezoneoffset A time zone offset describes the difference between a and UTC
adhoc a solution designed for a specific problem or task, non-generalizable, and not intended to be able to be adapted to other purposes
paragraph The paragraph concept in any UI renderer.
getopt The `getopt` and `getopt_long` functions automate some of the chore involved in parsing typical unix command line options.
mms an extension of the Short Message Service protocol which allows for multimedia to be passed in messages
base-class In Object Oriented Programming, a base class is one from which other classes inherit
ipod a media players product designed and marketed by Apple
monad-transformers an abstraction for combining monads
tfs2008 Team Foundation Server 2008
stringtokenizer a Java class that breaks a string into tokens.
pyglet a cross-platform windowing and multimedia library for Python which provides interface to the platform's OpenGL library.
angular2-observables null
jsplumb jsPlumb provides a way to elements of a UI together.
wx a C++ library that lets developers create applications for Windows, OS X, Linux and UNIX on 32-bit and 64-bit architectures as well as several mobile platforms including Windows Mobi…
self-hosting Operating independently of a hosting infrastructure
geocode a method to assign spatial coordinates - like longitude and latitude on the Earth's surface - to a data record or object which represents an address or other geographic data.
dom-manipulation The process of changing the Document Object Model
browser-automation With browser automation a web browser can be instructed to repeat the same, possibly long task automatically or at will
ambari aimed at making Hadoop management simpler by developing software for provisioning, managing, and monitoring Apache Hadoop clusters
node-gyp a cross-platform command-line tool used for compiling addon modules for Node.js
gpu-programming for .
homescreen Home screen refers to the top-level interface on a mobile device from which apps and other features are accessed.
icc Intel's C++ compiler, actually a group of C/C++ compilers that are available for Windows, Linux, and MacOS.
episerver a web content management system and e-commerce platform based on ASP.NET.
billing the process of sending a bill to a customer
apdu APDU stands for
universal null
private-members In object oriented programming, private members are those data fields, properties, or methods of a class that are only accessible from within the class itself.
sharpdx an open-source project delivering the full DirectX API under the .Net platform, allowing the development of applications with high performance 2D and 3D graphics rendering as well as real-t…
blackberry-eclipse-plugin BlackBerry Java Plug-in for Eclipse
ms-media-foundation an API which enables development of multimedia applications on Windows.
visualvm a visual tool integrating several commandline JDK tools and lightweight profiling capabilities
adfs2.0 Active Directory Federation Services 2.0
modbus a serial communications protocol published by Modicon in 1979 for use with its programmable logic controllers
h5py a NumPy-compatible Python module for handling The Hierarchical Data Format files.
bitmask a technique used to isolate specific bits in a byte in order to work only on the desired ones
bonjour Apple's implementation of Zeroconf, a service discovery protocol
contactscontract defined in the android.provider.ContactsContract and related classes.
packet-capture is for questions about capturing packets of various protocols that are transmitted over a network.
forever a Node.js package that ensures a script continues to run
istream the base class for input streams.
typeof an operator provided by several programming languages which determines the data type of a given variable
conditional-compilation Compilation of certain parts of source code will be included/excluded
software-distribution the process of delivering software to the end user.
spring-cloud-stream Spring Cloud Stream allows a user to develop and run messaging microservices using Spring Integration and run them locally, or in the cloud, or even on Spring Cloud Data Flow
rad ambiguous
wso2dss an Open Source component in the WSO2 product family and available under the Apache Software License v2.0.
reinforcement-learning an area of machine learning and computer science concerned with how to select an action in a state that maximizes a numerical reward in a particular environment.
stat The stat system call on POSIX systems.
polynomial-math a subset of mathematics dealing with mathematical expressions constructed from variables and constants using only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non-ne…
custom-view null
suppress-warnings Compilers and interpreters commonly warn about miscellaneous conditions
acceptance-testing a test conducted to determine if the requirements of a specification or contract are met
jedis a small free client for Redis, written in and for Java.
kill-process refers to the action of terminating a process.
mongomapper a Ruby gem allowing you to map ruby objects to MongoDB documents.
exoplayer An application level media player for Android that supports features not currently provided by MediaPlayer including Dynamic adaptive streaming over HTTP , SmoothStreaming, and persistent cachin…
eventemitter a platform for triggering and listening for events.
qwebview the main widget component of the Qt WebKit web browsing module
intranet An Internet Protocol-based computer network for sharing information and services inside an organisation
spring-data-neo4j-4 The Spring Data Neo4j project, as part of the Spring Data initiative, aims to simplify development with the Neo4j graph database
jeditable a jQuery plugin that allows users to edit page contents .
middleman Use the popular Ruby Sinatra Tool chain to build static websites
beacon A technology that enables a device to send push notifications to other devices within close proximity by using Bluetooth Low Energy .
pull-to-refresh a UI interaction wherein a user pulls down on a scrolling view or list, beyond the upper bounds of the view, and releases it in order to refresh the contents of that view or list.
ngresource an AngularJS module which provides the ability to create different data resources.
nsarraycontroller a bindings compatible class that manages a collection of objects
system.diagnostics a namespace of the .NET framework
numerical for questions concerning problems using numbers which either cannot be exactly solved, or where the exact solution may be much more difficult to acquire than by using numerical methods.
failed-installation An installation can be termed as a , yet the installation aborts/fails without going to completion.
kaminari A Scope & Engine based, clean, powerful, customizable and sophisticated paginator for Rails 3
photo-gallery For questions relating to image galleries
pair DO NOT USE THIS TAG
outlook-restapi The Outlook REST APIs include the Mail, Calendar, and Contacts APIs in Office 365.
sqlsrv a PHP extension which allows you to access Microsoft SQL Server and SQL Azure databases when running PHP on Windows or Linux.
landscape-portrait The concept of a mobile device being able to be viewed both in landscape mode and in portrait mode.
ef-fluent-api A way to configure Entity Framework beyond its conventions with a method chaining API
poco-libraries modern open source C++ class libraries and frameworks for building network- and internet-based applications that run on desktop, server and embedded systems.
drawimage The drawImage method draws an image, canvas, or video onto the canvas
fractions Fractions, or , are numbers expressed as the ratio of two integers, such as 1/2 or 23/17.
des a cryptographic block cipher algorithm.
android-sharedpreferences SharedPreferences allows you to save and retrieve persistent key-value pairs of primitive data types in Android applications
treenode The base element of a hierarchical data structure.
jvm-arguments Command-line options and environment variables that can affect the performance characteristics of the Java Virtual Machine
bitbucket-server Bitbucket Server is a tool for
vnc For non-programming-related questions , consider asking at superuser.com instead
payment-processing A process and service that automates payment transactions between the shopper and merchant
regex-greedy The greedy regex property causes the regex engine to repeat a regex token as often as possible
clipping Any procedure which identifies that portion of a picture which is either inside or outside a region is referred to as a clipping algorithm or clipping
iis-8.5 Internet Information Services 8.5 in Windows Server 2012 R2 provides a secure, easy-to-manage, modular and extensible platform for reliably hosting
cstring Refers to 0-terminated strings as popularized by C, as well as the header-files `string.h` and `cstring`.
uiautomator The Android uiautomator testing framework lets you test your user interface efficiently by creating automated functional UI test cases that can be run against your app on one or more devices
numba an open source NumPy-aware optimizing compiler for Python.
toolkit A widget toolkit, widget library, or GUI toolkit is a set of widgets for use in designing applications with graphical user interfaces .
tire a Ruby client for the ElasticSearch search engine/database
specs2 Executable software specification tool that specifies behaviour both at the class and application level using Scala.
application-server a software framework dedicated to the efficient execution of procedures for supporting the construction of applications
imageresizer a general-purpose .NET image processing library designed for server-side use, and focusing on scalability, safety, and image quality.
eventtrigger Represents a trigger that applies a set of actions in response to an event.
dlib a general purpose cross platform open source software library written in C++
ajax4jsf part of the RichFaces framework
sweetalert a JavaScript library that provides a replacement for standard alert dialogue.
fuelphp a simple, flexible, community driven PHP 5.3 web framework based on the best ideas of other frameworks with a fresh start.
netbeans-platform a cross-platform desktop application framework implemented in Java.
blackberry-jde Blackberry Java Development Environment
launchd a process management daemon, similar to
direction The movement or orientation of UI elements in a specific direction
gesture-recognition Anything related to gesture recognition, i.e
intern A JavaScript testing framework
canopy A Python-based tool for desktop application analysis and distribution of Python.
faceted-search Faceted search breaks up search results into multiple categories, typically showing counts for each, and allows the user to "d…
atmosphere The Asynchronous WebSocket/Comet Framework
nginx-location Questions related to nginx location directive should use this tag.
objectinputstream The Java `ObjectInputStream` deserialization class from the Java standard library.
xlwt Library to create spreadsheet files compatible with MS Excel 97/2000/XP/2003 XLS files, on any platform.
worklight-adapters the server-side code of applications that are deployed on and serviced by IBM® Worklight Foundation
database-trigger procedural code written in the current database , that is automatically executed in response to certain events on a particular table or view in a database
ftpwebrequest A .NET Framework class, implementing an File Transfer Protocol client.
net-snmp Common set of SNMP tools for *nix and Windows environments.
syncfusion Founded in 2001, Syncfusion, Inc
android-transitions Tag related with Android animation effects between screens or scenes
exponential Exponential can refer to a mathematics function, a curve / graph / dataset that follows the growth of that function, the exponential distribution in statistics, or a format to represent floats.
swiper Mobile touch slider & framework with hardware accelerated transitions
rails-api Rails for API only applications
pgp a data encryption and decryption computer program that provides cryptographic privacy and authentication for data communication.
pfquery A Parse SDK class that defines a query that is used to query for PFObjects.
euclidean-distance the Euclidean distance or Euclidean metric is the distance between two points that one would measure with a ruler, and is given by the Pythagorean formula.
emscripten an LLVM-to-JavaScript compiler
app-inventor a graphical programming environment for making Android apps, originally developed by Google and now run by MIT as an open source project
ascx used to create or define custom usercontrols to be placed onto web pages.
scientific-computing for questions about using computers in science
popupmenu Pop-up menus open to display a list of choices when triggered by the user.
octopus-deploy an automated deployment system designed for .NET developers
scilab a free and open source, cross-platform numerical computational package and a high-level, numerically oriented programming language
tfs2017 for version specific questions about Team Foundation Server
analyzer For questions related to a person or device that analyses given data
gcc-warning the GNU Compiler Collection, encompassing the gcc C compiler and the g++ C++ compiler, among others
libstdc++ the GNU implementation of the C++ standard library and is provided as part of GCC
antivirus software used to prevent, detect and remove malware.
retain null
android-browser The web browser used on older and non-Google experience versions of Android, based on the open-source WebKit layout engine, coupled with Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine
system.data.sqlite an ADO.NET provider for the SQLite embedded database.
omnifaces a library for JSF 2.x that focusses on utilities that ease everyday tasks.
express-checkout a PayPal API payment system that allows users to accept payments from PayPal accounts
aspose a vendor of components to create, modify, export and convert Office documents like Word, Excel, PDF, PowerPoint, Outlook, etc
cck a Drupal module that allows users to add custom fields to content types.
dynamic-allocation Use for questions related to *dynamic allocation of memory*, such as `malloc` in C, `new` in C++, etc
facebook-messenger-bot All questions related to chatbot development on the Facebook Messenger platform.
screen-readers a piece of software that allows people who are blind or have significant vision loss to use a computer.
upnp a set of networking protocols that permits networked devices to seamlessly discover each other's presence on the network and establish functional network services for…
espresso a library which is used to write Android UI tests
pytables A Python library for working with extremely large hierarchical datasets.
nssortdescriptor An OS X API class , describing a basis for ordering objects by specifying the property to use to compare the objects, the method to use to compare the properties, a…
opencsv a simple csv parser library for Java
flowdocument Questions dealing with Microsoft's WPF FlowDocument technology which renders embedded, dynamically adjusted and re-flowing document content that supports columns, pagination and search.
html5-appcache The deprecated HTML Application Cache feature is intended to allow you to specify files for browsers to cache and make available to users when offline
bug-tracking for general bug tracking questions that aren't specific to a given tool
cardlayout a graphical layout manager for a container
scriptmanager an ASP.NET control that manages ASP.NET Ajax script libraries and is used for Ajax enabled controls, such as UpdatePanels
sweave a system for combining S code with LaTeX in a single document.
unobtrusive-javascript a general approach to the use of JavaScript in web pages.
clip restricting the surface on which a drawing is made
github-for-windows a Windows client for the Github social coding community
encryption-symmetric used to encrypt and decrypt the message.
moving-average A calculation of the average value of the most recent values in a time series, rather than the average of the entire series.
sql-function A function defined in a relational database system
smoothing Smoothing related to statistical programing solutions in which a signal is filtered to create an approximating function that attempts to capture important patterns in the data, while leaving out nois…
gsoap an open source C and C++ software development toolkit for SOAP/XML Web services and generic C/C++ XML data bindings.
type-hinting Type hinting binds function arguments to specific objects or strongly types them.
paperjs an open source JavaScript vector graphics scripting framework.
hhvm a virtual machine designed for executing programs written in Hack and PHP.
itemtemplate display each item in an ItemsControl.
quote a special operator that returns its only argument, unevaluated.
window.location a property in JavaScript for getting the current page's location.
scatter a type of mathematical diagram using Cartesian coordinates to display values for two variables for a set of data.
lazy-initialization the tactic of delaying the creation of an object, the calculation of a value, or some other expensive process until the first time it is needed.
sequential null
virtualenvwrapper a set of extensions to Ian Bicking’s virtualenv tool
short an integer number which may take less storage, while having a smaller range, than a standard integer on the same machine.
packet-sniffers A software or a piece of computer hardware that can intercept and log traffic passing over a digital network or part of a network
c11 the informal name of the current standard of the C programming language.
morris.js A charting library with dependencies on jQuery and Raphael
circular-reference a series of references where the last object references the first, resulting in a closed loop.
hough-transform a technique used to isolate features of a particular shape within an image
jquery-waypoints a library that allows code to be executed whenever the user scrolls to a specific point on the page.
webrick a zero-configuration HTTP server stack chiefly used as the web server for the Ruby on Rails framework development and test environments.
texture2d null
win32gui a C++ generic library for Win32 GUI programming.
qtgui QtGui module extends QtCore with GUI functionality
protection avoid using this vague/ambiguous tag
wininet The Windows Internet API enables Windows applications to interact with FTP, and HTTP protocols to access Internet resources.
word-count the number of words in a document or passage of text.
boost-graph a C++ library containing generic graph components and algorithms.
swiperefreshlayout a standard way to implement the common Pull to Refresh pattern in Android.
rails-postgresql Open source RDBMS when used in conjunction with the Ruby on Rails framework.
p5.js a JavaScript library that starts with the original goal of processing, to make coding accessible for artists, designers, educators, and beginners, and reinterprets this for today’s web.
dhtmlx a JavaScript UI library that provides essential functionality for building cross-browser, Ajax-based user interfaces
c++-standard-library In the C++ programming language, the C++ Standard Library is a collection of classes and functions, which may or may not be written in the core language, and are part of the C++
member-function-pointers A pointer to a member function of a C++ class.
heredoc a special syntax of writing literal strings in sourcecode, used by different programming languages.
log4net-configuration a tool to help the programmer output log statements to a variety of output targets
pdfkit A Ruby gem for creating PDFs using plain old HTML+CSS.
mouseenter For issues relating to setting up, subscribing to, or handling mouseenter events.
connector provide a bridge between a piece of code and some disparate entity
iconv a library and API for converting between different character encodings.
google-fit a an open platform that lets users control their fitness data.
py2neo Py2neo provides Python bindings for the Neo4j graph database via its REST web service interface.
playframework-2.5 based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
plc PLC or programmable controller is a digital computer used for automation of electromechanical processes, such as control of machinery on factory assembly lines, amuseme…
android-avd an emulator configuration that lets you model an actual device by defining hardware and software options to be emulated by the Android Emulator
iphone-privateapi about non-public iOS APIs
image-compression to reduce irrelevance and redundancy of the image data in order to be able to store or transmit data in an efficient form
jboss-eap-6 For development issues encountered while using Red Hat Jboss EAP 6
ellipsis a series of dots, ") used to indicate the omission of a word within some text, or more commonly that the preceding text has been truncated.
jet the SQL database engine used by Microsoft Windows
magento-1.6 a version of the Magento eCommerce platform that was released August 18th 2011
meteor-autoform a Meteor package that adds UI components and helpers to easily create basic forms with automatic insert and update events, and automatic reactive validation.
polygons multi-sided objects
ui-thread In some frameworks there's a dedicated thread that exclusively manages all UI objects
chef-solo an open-source systems integration framework built specifically for automating the cloud
onsubmit the HTML event called when a submit button is pressed on a HTML form
paho an Eclipse project has been created to provide scalable open-source implementations of open and standard messaging protocols like MQTT aimed at new, exisiting, and emerging applications for Ma…
referrer is a HTTP header field that identifies the address of the webpage that linked to the resource being requested.
size-classes a new technology in iOS8 to allow you to customize your app for a given device class, based on its orientation and screen size
tcsh an enhanced but completely compatible version of the Berkeley UNIX C shell, csh.
openerp-8 an open-source enterprise resource planning software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
jquery-dialog a jQuery UI widget to present HTML content in a floating window that contains a title bar and a content area
multisite The Wordpress blog engine has a resource called MultiSite which allow you to have multiples websites in a single wordpress instance.
android-2.3-gingerbread a minor platform release to the Android OS from Google that debuted on the Nexus S.
pack A function in several scripting languages for packing data into a binary structure
execution-time Execution time refers to how long it takes a particular program to execute.
keystonejs The open source framework for developing database-driven websites, applications and APIs in Node.js
nsdatecomponents a class in Apple's Cocoa and CocoaTouch frameworks which represents either a date or a period of time as composed of several elements -- days, hours, and months, for example.
nohup a POSIX command to ignore the HUP signal, enabling the command to keep running after the user who issues the command has logged out.
strategy-pattern The Strategy pattern is a design pattern whereby an algorithm's behavior can be selected at runtime
fish an alternate shell for *nix systems
onblur The blur event fires when an element loses focus.
refinerycms Refinery CMS, or RefineryCMS, often shortened to Refinery, is an open source content management system written in Ruby as a Ruby on Rails web application with jQuery used as the JavaScript library
searchbar null
restriction anything that constrains or limits the code in some fashion.
forwarding a name given to the combined technique of * translating the address or port number of a packet to a new destination * possibly accepting such packet in …
dozer a Java Bean to Java Bean mapper that recursively copies data from one object to another
aerospike an open source, distributed NoSQL database and key-value store built to achieve speed at scale out on commodity hardware
envdte an assembly-wrapped COM library containing the objects and members for Visual Studio core automation.
heuristics Heuristics refers to the use of algorithms to deal with highly complex problems.
graphic null
mnist a database of handwritten digits collected by Yann Lecun, a famous computer scientist, when he was working at AT&T-Bell Labs on the problem of automation of check readings for banks
keyframe used to create CSS animations.
ruby-1.9.3 For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.9.3
extendscript a scripting language based on ECMAScript for scripting Adobe products .
android-studio-2.2 for questions related to features that are specific to version 2.2 or features introduced in this version.
abort refers to the action of terminating a process before it has finished naturally
ng-show The ngShow directive shows or hides the given HTML element based on the expression provided to the ngShow attribute
sylius a open sourced PHP ecommerce solution based on Symfony and developed by community and the Lakion company.
angular2-components the main way we build and specify elements and logic on the page
code-duplication Code duplication, also sometimes known as code cloning, is a programming practice consisting in repeating the same sequences of code statements within a software same project
aac a standardized, lossy compression and encoding scheme for digital audio
indices null
gmail-imap Google mail IMAP interface allows mail clients, and software developers to access google mail using the IMAP standard.
freeswitch a scalable open source cross-platform telephony platform designed to route and interconnect popular communication protocols using audio, video, text or any other form of media.
android-cursorloader A loader that queries the `ContentResolver` and returns a `Cursor`
digital-certificate A certificate which uses a digital signature to bind together a public key with an identity or information.
passport-local Authentication strategy for Passport JS using a username/email and password
cabasicanimation the most basic explicit animation in Core Animation
nomethoderror raised when a method is called on an object which doesn't respond to that method.
presentmodalviewcontroller a `UIViewController` instance method that presents a modal view controller
array-formulas A formula that works with an array as opposed to single data values
pep8 Coding conventions and style guidelines for Python.
proof any mathematical argument which demonstrates the truth of a mathematical statement
hateoas an acronym for Hypermedia As The Engine of Application State
pythonpath an environment variable that augments the default search path for module files in Python.
dismiss For questions related to calling the method in a button click listener.
x509certificate2 .NET Class for handling X.509 Certificates
opentok an API Platform from TokBox that enables websites and applications to weave live video communication into their sites and apps
windowbuilder For questions about using WindowBuilder which is a Java GUI WYSIWYG visual designer plugin for Eclipse
vimeo-api The Vimeo API provides developers the tools to retrieve and interact with Vimeo video content and metadata
nsnumberformatter A Cocoa class for formatting and parsing numerical values
fortify Fortify, the software application security products and services from HP.
scala-macros a facility for Scala—a general-purpose programming language—that permits compile-time metaprogramming against Scala syntax trees, from within the Scala language.
uiapplicationdelegate a part of the UIKit framework used in iOS development
catalyst a Perl web application framework, similar to Ruby on Rails, Spring , and Maypole.
decltype a C++11 keyword that can be used to find the type of an expression.
directed-acyclic-graphs Directed acyclic graphs appear in many data structures such a changeset graphs in distributed version control systems.
angular-meteor Framework to Build Realtime Web and Mobile Apps
google-earth-plugin The Google Earth Plug-in and its JavaScript API let you embed Google Earth, a true 3D digital globe, into your web pages for viewing on Windows or Mac devices
google-dfp Google's DoubleClick for Publishers API
addsubview Questions relating to the addSubView method of the Apple UIView class : https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/UIKit/Reference/UIView_Class/
ibeacon-android a technology that enables an iOS device or other hardware to send push notifications to iOS devices within close proximity using BLE .
symfony-2.8 the Symfony 2.8.x specific tag
jquery-tools a lightweight JavaScript library based on jQuery
minimax A concept used in artificial intelligence/game theory for two-player games
android-assets You can use the `assets` folder to store raw asset files
typography Typography — in digital development — includes the creation, formatting, organization, arrangement, rendering, legibility, and readability of visual type on a device
stock null
pop If you must use this tag, use it only when the question is about stacks, but use the 'stack' tag instead
openframeworks an open source C++ framework wrapping graphics, audio, image, networking and video libraries in an API designed to be minimal and easy to use.
requestanimationframe an alternative to setTimeout for animations or applications running in a loop.
arm64 64-bit ARM architecture, also known as AArch64.
addthis a widely used social bookmarking service.
android-pay a virtual representation of your wallet securely stored in the cloud
acts-as-taggable-on a Ruby on Rails gem for handling generic tagging.
dice small objects thrown by hand that land in different positions, used to generate random value for games, particularly gambling.
dealloc In Cocoa , dealloc is the instance method responsible for tearing down an object
foreground Mostly refers to an application or an element that is in the front of a view.
findstr a Windows command that searches for patterns of text in one or more files using regular expressions.
il a low-level language used by Microsoft .NET Framework and Mono.
jvm-hotspot the standard Java virtual machine used by both the Oracle and OpenJDK Java runtime environments.
rcharts A package designed to draw interactive graphics using R and JavaScript libraries.
pypy a fast, very compliant, self-hosting implementation of the Python language.
mixed-models Programming problems related to the analysis of statistical models with random-effects terms, also variously: repeated measures, hierarchical, multilevel models
anypoint-studio Anypoint Studio is an Eclipse-based integration development environment from MuleSoft.
ado.net-entity-data-model Covers the
hamcrest an open source library of constraint classes used to match objects and values, typically by other frameworks such as unit testing, mocking, or collections.
pymysql a database connector for Python like MySQLdb.
asana a flexible task manager that people can use for Customer Relations Management, Project Management, and Team Management.
apache-spark-ml a high-level API for building machine learning pipelines in Apache Spark.
java.util.logging Java package which provides the classes and interfaces of the Java 2 platform's core logging facilities.
initializer called to create a new instance of a particular type
keras-layer null
nskeyedarchiver NSKeyedArchiver, a concrete subclass of NSCoder, provides a way to encode objects into an architecture-independent format that can be stored in a file
direct2d a hardware-accelerated, immediate-mode, 2-D graphics API that provides high performance and high-quality rendering for 2-D geometry, bitmaps, and text
itext7 a complete rewrite - with a different API - of the iText library for creating and manipulating PDF documents in Java and .NET.
calling-convention A calling convention refers to the way a function transmits parameters to a called function and receives a return value from it.
nsindexpath The NSIndexPath class represents the path to a specific node in a tree of nested array collections in Objective-C
ntp an application level network protocol that is used for synchronizing clocks of computer systems
pivotal-cloud-foundry a commercial version of Cloud Foundry, an open-source multi-cloud application platform as a service , available from Pivotal.
action-filter In ASP.NET MVC, controllers define action methods that usually have a one-to-one relationship with possible user interactions, such as clicking a link or submitting a form
php-5.5 the successor to PHP 5.4
sys For questions about the Python module named sys
simple-framework a Java based high performance XML serialization and configuration framework
ioctl a system call for device-specific I/O operations and other operations which cannot be expressed by regular system calls and it provides an interface through which an ap…
enumerate Related to functions or methods that return enumerations or enumerated-types
tfs-workitem the basis for Work, Requirements and Test management in
google-drive-realtime-api As of November 2017 Google deprecated the Realtime API, and it is unavailable for new projects
modelsim a popular simulator and debugging environment for VHDL, Verilog and SystemC
cpu-cache a hardware structure used by the CPU to reduce the average access memory time.
survival-analysis the statistics of censored time to event data, to which standard regression and classification techniques generally do not apply, due to the uncertain group memberships of the obs…
itemrenderer Questions pertaining to creating and using a custom ItemRenderer to display bound data in Flash constrols such as List and DataGrid.
accountmanager AccountManager keeps track of cloud login information on Android devices
confidence-interval a measure of the precision of an estimate of an underlying parameter
case-class regular classes which export their constructor parameters and which provide a recursive decomposition mechanism via pattern matching.
load-data-infile A mySQL function for loading external data directly into the database.
javassist a class library for editing bytecode in java.
info.plist a structured text file used in Apple's developer environment and operating systems that contains essential configuration information for a bundled execu…
hibernate-annotations Hibernate Annotations provide an alternative method of supplying metadata which maps Java objects to the database tables they represent.
adobe-brackets an open source text editor originally created by Adobe
file-exists A method provides a mechanism to determine if a specified path/file exists.
ipod-touch The iPod Touch is a multi-purpose pocket computer designed and marketed by Apple Inc.
symfony-3.3 the Symfony 3.3.x specific tag
auto-generate The automation of the creation of classes, files, documentation, or anything else for which manual creation is costly.
eclipse-kepler the code name for Eclipse version 4.3 that was released on June 26, 2013
android-json JSON stands for
hangfire an open-source framework that helps you to create, process and manage your background jobs in .NET Framework and .NET Core.
gecko An open source browser engine developed by Mozilla and used in browsers such as Firefox, Seamonkey and others
bho a DLL module designed as a plugin for Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser to provide added functionality.
bookshelf.js a promise based ORM for Node.js, built on Knex query builder
famo.us a JavaScript rendering and physics engine for creating web applications with high-performance 3D user interfaces.
jeditorpane A Java Swing text component to edit various kinds of content.
knockout-validation A plugin for knockout.js for declarative, rule-based validation of models and properties.
android-seekbar an extension of ProgressBar that adds a draggable thumb
es6-modules The standard module system for JavaScript, introduced in ECMAScript 6 .
ng-file-upload Lightweight Angular directive to upload files.
varnish-vcl a small domain-specific language used to define request handling and caching policies for the Varnish HTTP accelerator
out In c#, the out keyword causes parameters to be passed by reference from the callee to the caller.
resolve Domain name resolvers determine the appropriate domain name servers responsible for the domain name in question by a sequence of queries starting with the right-most domain label
square Square APIs lets developers process payments online & in-person as well as accessing different information in Square merchant accounts.
ggvis to make it easy to describe interactive web graphics in R
cd the command offered by most shells
facebook-wall the original profile space where Facebook users' content is shown.
git-stash Allows to move pending changes in a working git directory away and restore them later, i.e
hittest Hit-testing is the process of determining whether a given object intersects another given object shape, line, or curve drawn on the screen.
kde a powerful graphical desktop environment for Unix workstations.
altbeacon The Open and Inter-operable Proximity Beacon Specification.
pow a function that exists in various programming languages that usually takes two numbers as input and returns the first number to the power of the second number
ami Amazon Machine Image for Amazon's EC2 web service
arcgis-js-api a lightweight way to embed maps and tasks in web applications
grant a SQL standard command that authorizes one or more users to perform an operation or a set of operations on an object.
isolation-level Isolation level defines what data an SQL transaction can view or access while other transactions work with the same data.
meteorite a Meteor version manager and package manager
matlab-deployment a high-level language and programming environment developed by MathWorks
enumerable refers to an ordering scheme that enables items in a set, sequence or collection to be readily addressed or traversed.
zend-studio a commercial, proprietary integrated development environment for PHP developed by Zend Technologies, based on the PHP Development Tools plugin for the Eclipse platform
removing-whitespace For issues related to removing additional blank-characters like spaces, tabs and new lines or issues related to removing unwanted whitespace in design.
orders USE ONLY for related questions to e-commerce
pdflatex a command line utility used to create PDFs directly from LaTex source code.
intel-fortran should be specific to Intel Fortran, Intel Visual Fortran, and/or Compaq Visual Fortran , rather than being general questions about Fortra…
caption optically separated from the main text of an article
postgresql-9.5 For PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.5
alphanumeric Alphanumeric refers to strings containing a combination of letters and digits.
openshift-origin the open source upstream of OpenShift, the next generation application hosting platform developed by Red Hat
es6-class null
pythonanywhere a Python-centric web-based development and hosting service.
service-broker a messaging framework built into SQL Server
sockjs a browser JavaScript library that provides a WebSocket-like object that gives you a coherent, cross-browser, Javascript API which creates a low latency, full duplex, cross-domain communicati…
svd a factorization of a real or complex matrix, with many useful applications in signal processing and statistics.
unc A UNC path unambiguously specifies the location of a volume, directory, file or other local or remote resource on Windows.
json-rpc a standard JSON data-format based emote rocedure all protocol.
xbee a series of radio modules
parsec an industrial-strength, monadic parser combinator library for Haskell.
array-merge Array-merge means elements of one or more arrays will be merged together into a single array.
traveling-salesman a classical computer science problem which involves finding the shortest path which could be taken by a hypothetical salesman to make a single visit to each locatio…
union-all a keyword in SQL that is used for combining the results of multiple SELECTs
flask-login Flask-Login provides user session management for the python web framework Flask.
libpng the offical PNG reference library, supporting most all of PNG's features, is extensible, and has been widely used and tested for over twenty years.
dialogflow Dialogflow was previously named API.AI , if you want to ask any support related question use this tag instead of api.ai tag
core-data-migration for issues related to Migration of CoreData on OS X systems
declare for questions related to declare, which is usually meant for declaring variables, statements, etc.
heroku-toolbelt Heroku command-line tooling for working with the Heroku platform, on MacOS, Windows and Debian/Ubuntu.
mobilefirst-adapters the server-side code of applications that are deployed on and serviced by IBM® MobileFirst Platform Foundation
obiee Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition is an integrated business intelligence suite from Oracle Corporation.
browser-detection Detecting the type and version of the browser the user uses to view the webpage.
asn.1 ASN.1 stands for Abstract Syntax Notation One
glsurfaceview a subclass of SurfaceView for Android
fortran77 Fortran 77, approved as the new standard in April 1978, added a number of significant features to address many of the shortcomings of its predecessor, Fortran 66
spring-hateoas Spring HATEOAS provides some APIs to ease creating REST representations that follow the HATEOAS principle when working with Spring and especially Spring MVC
purrr An R package makes your pure functions purr by completing R's functional programming tools with important features from other languages, written by Hadley Wickham.
subnet A part of the IP address identifying the whole local network
createprocess Refers to programatically running an application from another.
pyaudio PyAudio provides Python bindings for PortAudio, the cross-platform audio I/O library.
type-mismatch usually found in the context of strong typed languages
viewpagerindicator a set of Android Paging indicator widgets compatible with the ViewPager from the Android Support Library and ActionBarSherlock.
spring-ldap a Java library for simplifying LDAP operations, based on the pattern of Spring's JdbcTemplate
collaboration combining the effort of people in real-time to get things done, either by working side-by-side or through tools such as web conferencing, instant messaging, IRC, etc.
client-side-validation working with a browser that supports dynamic HTML , Validation can perform validation using client script
cryptoapi Cryptography API: Application programming interface that enables application developers to add authentication, encoding, and encryption to Windows-based applications
http-status-code-302 a common way of performing a redirection
eventhandler In object-oriented programming languages , visual objects can respond to *events* by the user
hardware-acceleration the use of computer hardware to perform some function faster than is possible in software running on the general-purpose CPU
notifydatasetchanged Android Adapter notifyDataSetChanged method notifies observers that the underlying data has changed
jbehave a Java-based framework supporting Behavior-Driven Development , an evolution of Test-Driven Development and Acceptance Test–Driven Development .
delphi-xe6 a specific version of Delphi released in April 2014.
elastic-map-reduce a web service that enables the processing of large amounts of data.
universal-analytics a set of technological innovations that improve the way data is collected and processed in Google Analytics.
savon Heavy metal SOAP client
xpath-2.0 for questions specific to XML Path Language version 2.0
motion for physically moving systems
httparty a Ruby gem written by John Nunemaker focused on the consumption of web services and APIs.
sinch Use the Sinch SDKs and APIs to enhance your app with Voice, SMS, Verification, and Instant Messaging.
hikaricp a high-performance JDBC connection pool library.
unset Removing the value associated with a variable or property from the current environment.
relational-algebra an offshoot of first-order logic and of the algebra of sets that deals with relations
inventory List of goods and materials held available in stock by an entity.
windows-explorer a file manager application that is included with releases of the Microsoft Windows operating system from Windows 95 onwards.
viewgroup a subclass of the Android View class which can contain child views.
eclipse-luna the code name for Eclipse version 4.4 which was released on June 25, 2014
ruby-2.0 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.0
nuget-package-restore a process that happens when a Visual Studio solution is loaded and some Nuget Packages are missing
skmaps a map & navigation SDK for mobile and web, based on OpenStreetMap.
wmi-query Query over the content of CIM repository on Windows Machines that uses WQL .
configurationmanager In the .Net framework, ConfigurationManager is a built-in object that provides access to configuration files.
cascading-deletes The concept of SQL databases deleting rows that refer to a deleted row.
beta Software development phase where the application is considered but still may have numerous bugs and usability issues.
json-ld a JSON-based format to serialize Linked Data
nosuchmethoderror The Java `Error` thrown if an application tries to call a specified method of a class , and that class no longer has a definition of that method.
geckodriver Mozilla's WebDriver implementation for the Firefox web browser, and works best with Firefox versions 48 and onwards.
mgo a MongoDB driver for the Go language that implements a rich and well tested selection of features under a very simple API following standard Go idioms.
actioncable an open source technology shipped to us with Ruby On Rails 5
uiswipegesturerecognizer a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for swiping gestures in one or more directions
vertical-scrolling In computer displays, film-making, television production, and other kinetic displays, scrolling is sliding text, images or video across a monitor or display, vertically or horizontally.
wakelock Refers to PowerManager.WakeLock, a class from the Android SDK belonging to package android.os
samsung-smart-tv a propriety Samsung platform allowing app and game development for Samsung Smart TV and Samsung Blu-Ray Player
ruby-on-rails-4.1 For issues specific to version 4.1 of Rails
r-raster an R package for geographic data analysis and modeling.
castle-activerecord an implementation of the ActiveRecord pattern for .NET
java-3d a scene graph-based 3D application programming interface for the Java platform
android-video-player Related to playing videos in Android API
concurrentmodification a common problem with some thread-using applications, when not properly using locks/syncronization
networkstream A .NET class that provides the underlying stream of data for network access.
isnull a SQL function that replaces NULL with the specified replacement value.
nvcc NVIDIA's LLVM-based C/C++ compiler for targeting GPUs with CUDA.
alphablending a convex combination of a translucent foreground color with a background color allowing for transparency effects.
file-conversion for questions about conversion from one file format to another
value-type commonly used to refer to one of two kinds of data types: Types of values or Types of objects with deep copy semantics.
relational null
lnk2019 a common MSVC linker error indicating that the linker was unable to find a required external symbol in any compilation unit
delphi-xe8 a specific version of Delphi released in April 2015.
poltergeist a Capybara driver for PhantomJS.
multi-module composed by several modules each focusing on a certain concern, enforcing the SRP at module level.
master null
dt an R package that provides an interface to the JavaScript library DataTables
bitbake a simple tool for the execution of tasks
dlopen POSIX function to dynamically load a library or binary into memory
activesupport the Ruby on Rails component responsible for providing Ruby language extensions, utilities, and other transversal stuff.
modelica Modelling language for multi-domain physical and control systems.
touch-event triggered when a user 'touches' a GUI component
wmic WMIC stands for Windows Management Instrumentation Command-line
splash a temporary window that appears while the application is loading.
linkedhashmap a Hash table and linked list implementation of the Map interface in the Java Standard library
string-interpolation the replacement of defined character sequences in a string by given values
strptime `strptime` reads the time from the string s using the timeformat specifiers and converts it into seconds since the year 2000.
socketexception the superclass of all other socket related exceptions and may be thrown during socket creation or setting options.
sqlcipher an open source extension to SQLite that provides transparent 256-bit AES encryption of database files.
vcard a file format standard for e-business cards to identify people and organisations.
slideup An effect of hiding element with a sliding motion.
skype-for-business now the current Microsoft product for Communications and Collaboration, replacing Lync Server 2010 and 2013
nsbutton a subclass of NSControl that intercepts mouse-down events and sends an action message to a target object when it’s clicked or pressed.
graphing A diagram that exhibits a relationship, between two sets of numbers as a set of points having coordinates determined by the relationship.
google-tv Google TV integrates Google’s Android operating system and the Linux version of Google Chrome browser to create
cgimage CGImage represents a drawable image object in Core Graphics .
arcpy a Python module for interacting with ArcGIS tools
dir Abbreviation for a directory, a virtual container within a digital file system.
cmis Content Management Interoperability Services for talking to Content Repositories
freeglut an open-source alternative to the OpenGL Utility Toolkit library.
feeds a data format used for providing users with frequently updated content.
fileapi for questions related to the W3C File API
rect To be used with RECT structure when using winapi
ramda.js a functional utility library for Javascript, focusing on making it easy to build modular pipelines out of small, composable functions.
hybrid refers to the methods or objects that encompass the functionality or properties of two or more different objects.
id3 a metadata container which can be used to store details about the enclosing file.
nodemcu an open-source firmware that offers a Lua API for ESP8266, ESP8285, and ESP32
topojson an extension of GeoJSON that encodes topology
mediawiki-api the interface for automated editing processes and other programs to access data in a MediaWiki wiki.
qpainter a Qt class that provides low-level painting on widgets or other paint devices.
outliers an observation that appears to be unusual or not well described relative to a simple characterization of a dataset.
scene2d a 2D scene graph for building applications and UIs using a hierarchy of
uiprogressview an iOS user interface element that depicts the progress of a task over time.
tweets text-based posts of up to 140 characters, managed via the Twitter online social networking and microblogging service.
ad-hoc-distribution A distribution mechanism in Apple's iOS Developer Program.
marathon an Apache Mesos framework for long-running services.
mojolicious an MVC web framework in Perl.
fasta a software package for sequence alignment of proteins and nucleic acids
expander An Expander control provides a way to provide content in an expandable area that resembles a window and includes a header.
low-level In terms of a computer system, low-level refers to the components that appears lower in the stack of system layers.
ms-access-2016 a database management system and application development tool.
notation Notation refers to a specific way of writing various concepts, functions, etc
divide Separate or be separated into parts
uitextfielddelegate The methods declared by the UITextFieldDelegate protocol allow the adopting delegate to respond to messages from the UITextField class.
att an assembly syntax used in UNIX environments, that originates from AT&T Bell Labs
aws-opsworks a flexible application management solution with automation tools that enable you to model and control your applications and their supporting infrastructure.
pkcs#11 a standard that defines the Cryptoki API for accessing and operating cryptographic tokens such as smartcards and HSM.
leaderboard null
invoice a commercial document issued by a seller to the buyer, indicating the products, quantities, and agreed prices for products or services the seller has provided the buyer
traffic refer to the amount or flow of data around a network or website
pattern-recognition the term given to the science of automating the classification of input into pre-determined categories, or on the other hand, of being able to recognise particular categories of…
boxing when a value type is wrapped in a reference-type wrapper for the purposes of using it when polymorphism is required.
maple Programming questions related to the computer algebra system Maple.
objectmapper a library for simple JSON object mapping in Swift.
nsscrollview Apple OS X Developer API : NSScrollView class is the central coordinator for the Application Kit’s scrolling machinery
street-address Street address refers to postal addresses, or delivery points, that can be used for physical delivery of mail or goods.
callable A task that returns a result and may throw an exception.
java-threads For questions related to Java threads, including concurrent data structures, the fork-join framework, atomic classes, thread locking/synchronization, visibility and latency
jointjs a JavaScript library for creating fully interactive diagrams and graphs.
cesium a JavaScript library for creating 3D globes and 2D maps in a web browser without a plugin
django-crispy-forms a pluggable Django app that helps to write DRY forms by providing additional capability to configure and control the rendered HTML
aidl a special language that allows a server and a client to establish interface for Inter Process Communication .
react-apollo `react-apollo` tag should be used for questions that are about the usage of the react-apollo ApolloClient container.
mongodb-php a document oriented NoSQL database
livereload LiveReload applies CSS/JS changes to Safari or Chrome w/o reloading the page
pi a mathematical constant whose value is the ratio of any Euclidean plane circle's circumference to its diameter; this is the same value as the ratio of a circle's area to the square of its ra…
query-parameters The part of a URL after the ? , containing parameter=value pairs separated by &
resampling any of a variety of methods for estimating the precision of sample statistics by jackknifing or bootstrapping
virtual-directory not stored on-disk but is only conceptualized in a specific program
sysadmin A person responsible for maintaining the running health of a system
fog fog describes itself as 'the Ruby cloud services library'
mail-server a program which accepts emails and forwards them to other mail-servers using a client-server architecture normally the SMTP protocol is used for this.
soql the Salesforce Object Query Language.
googlebot Google's web crawling bot which discovers new and updated pages/documents from the web to build a searchable index for the Google search engine.
http-referer The referrer, or HTTP referrer — also known by the common misspelling referer that occurs as an HTTP header field — identifies, from the point of view of an Internet webpage or resource, the address o…
file-writing refers to the process of writing text or data to a file.
monotouch.dialog a MonoTouch framework for iOS for iOS developers to create dialog boxes and show table-based information without having to write dozens of delegates and controllers for the user in…
postfix for programming questions about the Postfix mail server
delphi-10.1-berlin a specific version of Delphi released in April 2016.
bin short for binary
smooth In statistics and image processing, to smooth a data set is to create an approximating function that attempts to capture important patterns in the data, while leaving out noise or other fine-scale str…
resume Starting something again after stopping/pausing it.
android-annotations a compile time framework that helps writing simple and clean Android code that is easy to maintain.
requiredfieldvalidator Makes the associated input control a required field.
armv7 Questions related to ARMv7 architecture
etag an HTTP Entity Tag
objectoutputstream The Java ObjectOutputStream serialization class from the Java standard library.
openni An industry-led organization which aims to certify and improve interoperability of natural interaction devices
idl IDL, short for Interface Description Language, is a language used to describe a software component's public interface in a programming-language-independent manner.
wifimanager the primary Android API for managing all aspects of Wi-Fi connectivity.
sharekit ShareKit: an iOS open source project to enable sharing of content via Facebook, Twitter, et al.
android-externalstorage Tag for questions related with saving data to/reading data from an Android device external storage.
materialized-views a database object that contains the results of a query
method-overriding Method overriding, in object oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is already provided by one of its s…
multiple-databases null
jpa-2.1 for questions specifically about new features of version 2.1 of the Java Persistence API.
eventkit a framework on iOS and OS X which provides classes for accessing and modifying calendar event information.
edge Edge detection in image progress etc
grizzly The Grizzly NIO and Web framework leverage Java™ NIO API capabilities
ratchet a PHP WebSockets library
selectize.js a jQuery based hybrid form control, combining elements of both `textbox` and `select`
msp430 a family of 16-bit microcontrollers from Texas instruments.
workbench A term typically applied to a GUI that offers shortcuts or information displays that assist in some task.
vulkan a low-overhead, cross-platform graphics API from the Khronos Group.
qooxdoo a versatile JavaScript framework to create applications for a wide range of platforms.
drawer null
monkeyrunner tool from Android SDK which provides an API for writing programs that control an Android device or emulator from outside of Android code.
azure-eventhub a highly-scalable high-throughput low-latency durable event ingestion system in Azure cloud
gaps-and-islands Gaps and islands problems involve finding a range of missing values or a range of consecutive values in a sequence of numbers or dates.
spring-jpa Spring ORM and Spring Data JPA with their respective tags
preg-split a PHP function which allows splitting a string using a regular expression.
shortcuts Shortcut refers to a short or small path for reaching somewhere rather than the original and longer one.
mondrian an open source OLAP server, written in Java
raii Initialization is a common idiom used in C++ to manage the lifetime of resources, including memory allocations, file handles or database connections
angularjs-ng-model The ngModel directive in AngularJS binds an input, select, textarea to a property on the scope using NgModelController, which is created and exposed by this directive.
rbac short for Role Based Access Control, an authorization and access control model in which access to restricted resources is granted or denied based on whether the requester's identity is associa…
tableadapter null
standard-deviation Standard deviation shows how much variation or exists from the average .
reboot a Unix command to restart the operating system
xcode4.6 an IDE, developed by Apple, Inc., and used to produce software applications for Mac OS X and iOS
verify null
dynamic-cast The dynamic_cast conversion allows for safely converting pointers to classes up, down, and sideways in the inheritance hierarchy.
hystrix In a distributed environment, failure of any given service is inevitable
jqtouch a jQuery extension that allows for mobile development on iPhone and Android devices.
ui-grid For questions related to data grid module for AngularJS which is part of AngularUI.
knife a powerful command-line interface that comes with Chef.
mailer null
adjacency-matrix A means of representing which vertices of a graph are adjacent to which other vertices.
inotify a Linux kernel subsystem that informs processes when files are accessed/created/modified or deleted.
treeset a Java set implementation sorting its items upon insertion; provided by JRE/JDK.
threshold The starting point for a new state.
crtp The curiously recurring template pattern is a C++ idiom in which a class X derives from a class template instantiation using X itself as template argument.
free-jqgrid the fork of jqGrid
grok a web framework running atop of Zope application server written in Python with aim to make Zope techonology more accessable to the masses as well as speed up the development process
sagepay a UK-based Payment Service Provider for online and offline transactions
println In programming, `println` denotes the termination of the current line and will subsequently print out to the next line.
ocmock an Objective-C implementation of mock objects.
pycaffe the caffe module and its scripts in caffe/python.
django-signals Django signals allow listeners to be registered for events within the framework
roc a graphical plot comparing the true positive and false positive rates of a classifier as its discrimination threshold is varied.
appsettings null
inkscape Programming questions about scripting the Inkscape vector-graphics application, e.g
continue bypass the rest of a loop and return to the beginning for the next iteration.
dayofweek Usually a function that returns day of the week when a certain date object is passed.
mouseleave For issues relating to setting up, subscribing to, or handling mouseleave events.
typechecking A typechecker enforces that expressions in a given programming language are well typed -- i.e
type-safety the extent to which a language discourages using variables in an unsafe manner, according to the variables' type.
corpus A corpus most commonly refers to a collection of structured text
atmel a leader in the design and manufacture of microcontrollers, capacitive touch solutions, advanced logic, mixed-signal, nonvolatile memory and radio frequency co…
chm the proprietary help file format generated by Microsoft HTMLHelp Workshop
azure-machine-learning For questions about Microsoft Azure Machine Learning, a managed cloud service for predictive analytics and management of massive data sets.
apache-commons-httpclient The HttpClient v3.x library from the Apache Commons project
directed-graph a graph, or set of nodes connected by edges, where the edges have a direction associated with them
cartesian-product The Cartesian product, named after René Descartes, of two sets A and B is the set of all ordered pairs ab, where a is element of A and b is element of B.
google-mirror-api The Google Mirror API allows you to build web-based services that interact with Google Glass
emmet a set of text editor plugins allowing for high-speed coding in HTML, XML, XSL, and other structured code formats by expanding CSS-like expressions of elements into the…
timedelta Timedelta refers to the difference between two timestamps, which is a measure of elapsed time
youtube-iframe-api The IFrame player API lets you embed a YouTube video player on your website and control the player using JavaScript.
remember-me A way to store personal information to make it easier for a user to fill in forms or login to websites at a later time.
twitch a video streaming platform and community for gamers
strlen A standard C function that returns the length of a string.
phpbb3 The third version of the phpBB forum software, now powered by symfony framework.
comparison-operators Comparison operators, as their name implies, allow to compare two values and usually return Boolean value .
azure-iot-hub a fully managed Microsoft service that enables reliable and secure bi-directional communications between millions of IoT devices and a solution backend.
gantt-chart For any issues relating to creating, rendering, and using Gantt charts.
keil Keil IDE and compiler tools for ARM and other embedded microcontrollers
gearman a system to farm out work to other machines, dispatching function calls to machines that are better suited to do work, to do work in parallel, to load balance lots of function calls, or to …
jprogressbar a Java Swing component that visually displays the progress of some task.
units-of-measurement compile-time attributes that can be associated with numeric values, typically used to indicate length, volume, mass, and so on.
doctrine-odm built for PHP 5.3.2+ and provides transparent persistence between PHP objects and data stores such as MongoDB, CouchDB, OrientDB, and PHPCR.
perf a profiler tool for Linux 2.6+ based systems.
vtiger a PHP-based, open-source CRM application which forked off SugarCRM
mouseclick-event triggered when a Mouse input device is clicked
visual-studio-addins Add-ins extend Microsoft Visual Studio using the automation model
collada a royalty-free XML schema that enables digital asset exchange within the interactive 3D industry.
pjax a jQuery plugin that loads HTML from your server into the current page without a full reload
http-basic-authentication a method for a web browser or other client program to provide a user name and password when making a request.
google-nativeclient Native Client and Portable Native Client are open-source technologies for executing compiled code in a browser sandbox
django-users the default model in Django
integral should be used for questions related to coding solutions for integrals.
splice splice copies data between two file descriptors of which one must be a pipe
razor-2 an upgrade of a template language used by ASP.NET Web Pages and ASP.NET MVC , packaged with ASP.NET MVC 4.
selectlist null
tensorflow-serving a flexible, high-performance serving system for machine learning models, designed for production environments
terrain the vertical and horizontal dimension of land surface
qsort the name of a C standard library function that sorts arrays using a caller-provided comparison function
smt decision problems for logical formulas with respect to combinations of background theories expressed in classical first-order logic with equality.
unixodbc an open source project that implements the ODBC API on non windows platforms.
dom-events DOM events allow event-driven programming languages to register various event handlers/listeners on the element nodes inside a DOM tree.
chrono the C++11 library for representing and manipulating time.
u-sql a query language designed for Azure Data Lake
powerpc Questions related to the PowerPC family of RISC processors.
.htpasswd a flat-file used to store usernames and password for basic authentication of Apache HTTP Server.
html-input The input element represents a typed data field, usually with a form control to allow the user to edit the data.
named-entity-recognition Named-entity recognition is a subtask of information extraction that seeks to locate and classify atomic elements in text into predefi…
mailmerge A software function which provides the ability to create multiple documents from a single template form and a structured data source.
seq short for sequence
stretch Stretching images in code.
jdom an open source library for working with a Java representation of an XML document
percona Percona builds free and open source database software that includes: Percona Server for MySQL®, Percona Server for MongoDB, Percona XtraDB Cluster, Percona XtraBackup, Percona Monitoring and Managemen…
full-text-indexing indexing for full-text search
react-router-redux A library of bindings to keep react-router and redux in sync .
tap a protocol to allow communication between unit tests and a test harness
atomicity In concurrent programming, an operation is atomic, linearizable, indivisible or uninterruptible if it appears to the rest of the system to occur instantaneously
topic-modeling Topic models describe the frequency of topics in documents and text
bioconductor Bioconductor provides tools for the analysis and comprehension of high-throughput genomic data in the R language.
is-empty Questions about items that can be described as empty or having no data value
file-sharing the practice of distributing or providing access to digital media, such as computer programs, multimedia , documents or electronic books.
appium-ios an open source test automation framework for use with native, hybrid and mobile web apps.
deb the extension of the Debian binary package format
apple-tv a digital media receiver developed and sold by Apple
avi for questions about playback of, creation of, and programmatic interaction with, Audio Video Interleave files
friendly-id the of slugging and permalink plugins for Ruby on Rails
html5-history The HTML5 History API allows programmatic manipulation of the browser's history through JavaScript, providing a method of managing the user's history stack when creating web applications.
aspnetboilerplate a general purpose application framework especially designed for new modern web applications
db2400 IBM's name for the database integrated into the OS/400 operating system for it's AS/400 line of midrange computers
greensock Greensock builds tools for scripting animations and transformations, both with JavaScript and Flash
railo an Open Source rapid application development platform implementing the general-purpose CFML language, compatible with Adobe ColdFusion's implementation but with various extensions/upda…
jquery-tabs Tabs widget of jQuery UI toolkit.
strftime a C standard library function to format date and time into a readable form that has also been ported into other programming language standard libraries
vxworks a proprietary and customizable real-time operating system produced by Wind River
autobahn Questions related to the Autobahn WebSocket/WAMP open-source frameworks and libraries.
parse-error An error of language resulting from code that does not conform to the syntax of the programming language.
r-package should be used for questions regarding the development of R packages
tcpserver A tcp server uses raw tcp sockets to communicate with its client .
windows-subsystem-for-linux a compatibility layer that allows Linux ELF64 binaries to run natively on Windows 10
sqlanywhere an RDBMS, produced by SAP
shellexecute a Win32 API function used to launch document files
dropdownbox A user interface widget that allows the user to select one or multiple of a set of values
type-providers a component that provides types, properties, and methods for use in your program
movie Questions regarding movie data: read, write, compress, decode, transcode, and process
rsyslog enhanced syslogd with lot of enhanced features
loadlibrary null
agda a dependently typed, total functional programming language and a proof assistant.
decompiler A decompiler performs, as far as possible, the reverse operation to that of a compiler.
c89 for questions regarding the international standard ISO 9899:1990, also known as , with amendments and technical corrigenda
android-windowmanager a system service, which is responsible for managing the z-ordered list of windows, which windows are visible, and how they are laid out on screen.
navigator The Navigator object contains information about the visitor's browser name, version, and more.
string.format A method or function that takes a template string and arguments for that template and inserts these arguments into the template in an appropriate manner
swashbuckle an open source framework which adds Swagger and Swagger-ui to ASP.NET Web API projects.
zend-db-table Object-oriented interface to database tables
twos-complement a mathematical operation on binary numbers, as well as a binary signed number representation based on this operation.
arrow
simplify refers to the process of making something simpler or smaller in order to increase its efficiency, usability, or operation speed.
wix3 For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.
okta Identity and mobility management.
greenplum the worlds first open-source massively parallel processing database based on PostgreSQL.It provides powerful and rapid analytics on petabyte scale data volumes
content-script JavaScript files, used by browser extensions or add-ons
mayavi a data visualization library written for use with Python.
json-api a standard for building APIs in JSON
grails-controller about the controllers in Grails Open Source Framework technology.
weld the reference implementation for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform
ajaxform submitted by using an AJAX request
libreoffice-calc the spreadsheet program included in the LibreOffice Suite.
tr a *nix utility for character-level alterations to a stream
string-split Splitting Strings algorithms and techniques
tablecellrenderer a Java Swing interface that defines the method required by any object that would like to be a renderer for cells in a JTable.
rjava an interface between R and Java.
python-datetime Python's built-in s datetime module provides classes for manipulating dates and times in both simple and complex ways.
zend-framework3 the new version of Zend Framework
nettcpbinding a Microsoft Windows Communications Foundation protocol
strophe a collection of libraries for speaking the XMPP protocol.
dust.js a JavaScript templating engine.
android-studio-2.3 for questions related to features that are specific to Android Studio version 2.3 or features introduced in this version.
alloy a declarative specification language for expressing complex structural constraints and behavior in a software system, and a tool for exploring and checking properties of the resultin…
whenever a Ruby gem that makes it possible to define cron tasks in Ruby
datasnap a Delphi technology that allows the development of multi-tier applications
image-upload null
dynamic-linq a small library on top of the .NET framework 3.5 or later which allows to build string based query expressions
dreamhost a Los Angeles-based web hosting, public cloud provider and domain name registrar.
intersect The SQL intersect operator returns rows that are common between two tables without returning duplicate records.
linq-expressions An API for composing code with declarative expression trees, used by LINQ and the DLR.
capybara-webkit A Capybara driver for headless WebKit so you can test Javascript web apps.
cakephp-appmodel the classes that sit as the business layer in a CakePHP application.
avr-gcc a suite of executable software development tools for Atmel AVR RISC processors
items null
merge-conflict-resolution When merging branches in a version control system, a merge conflict might arise
native-code sometimes called native code when referring to platform-dependent parts of language features or libraries.
requestfactory a component of the Google Web Toolkit that targets developers building data-oriented applications.
persistence.xml Used with the Java Persistence API, specifies names and database properties.
thunderbird a free, open source, cross-platform email, newsgroup, news feed and chat client developed by the Mozilla Foundation.
razorengine a parsing engine that allows robust templates using Razor syntax.
stored-functions Use stored-functions for questions related to database specific user-defined functions which can perform queries, accept parameters, and return a computed value.
angularjs-factory Factory can return anything which can be a class , instance of class, string, number or boolean
adjacency-list a representation of a graph, a collection of unordered lists, one for each vertex in the graph.
postfix-notation Postfix notation is a mathematical notation wherein every operator follows all of its operands, in contrast to Polish notation, which puts the operator in …
dma a feature of modern computers and microprocessors that allows certain hardware subsystems within the computer to access system memory for reading and/or writing independe…
maxima an opensource Computer Algebra System based on the legendary Macsyma
masm32 a working development environment for programmers who are interested in either learning or writing 32 bit Microsoft assembler
jxl Java Excel API - A Java API to read, write, and modify Excel spreadsheets
irvine32 A 32-bit MASM library and macros targeting the Win32 Console
httr The R package 'httr' provides useful tools for working with HTTP connections
history.js A JavaScript library implementing the HTML5 History APIs for backwards compatibility with legacy browsers.
bloomberg For programming questions related to the Bloomberg API, which provides financial news and data services.
android-package-managers Class for retrieving various kinds of information related to the application packages that are currently installed on the device
micro-optimization the process of meticulous tuning of small sections of code in order to address a perceived deficiency in some aspect of its operation
control-flow Control flow refers to the order in which statements are evaluated or executed.
slidingdrawer an Android View Widget that hides content out of the screen and allows the user to drag a handle to bring the content on screen.
qualtrics an enterprise-level commercial web-services provider specialising in online marketing, online surveys, and related metrics.
angular-bootstrap Bootstrap helpers module for AngularJs framework
invalidoperationexception thrown when a method call is invalid for the object's current state.
wsimport a command-line tool to generate client and service artifacts from WSDL
python-internals How does Python work underneath the hood? Use for questions relating to the design decisions made and the internal data structures and algorithms used.
throttling a mechanism to regulate the rate at which processing is performed
solidity a high-level language whose syntax is similar to that of JavaScript and it is designed to compile to code for the Ethereum Virtual Machine
unicode-string for questions related to a Unicode String, such as UTF-8.
3dsmax Autodesk 3ds Max, formerly 3D Studio MAX, is a modeling, animation and rendering package
xorg the display server used in most Unix and Linux distributions.
vtable a technique used to implement polymorphic functions with dynamic dispatch
self-reference the ability of a program to refer to itself, either directly or indirectly.
uploading null
rvalue a temporary object or is a value not directly associated with an object.
messagebroker a pattern which is designed for purpose of consuming messages from applications and performing actions like transformation , providing a point-to-point and publish-subscribe patter…
ambiguous a situation in which the compiler cannot deduce which version of a function or method to use from the given parameter types
polyfills add new functionality to browsers.
cep Complex event processing consists of high-speed processing of many events across all the layers of an organization.
findall Finds all matching sub-elements, by tag name or path
findviewbyid a method of the View and Activity classes
lxc an operating system-level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems on a single control host
maintenance The concept of keeping software or hardware functional in a productive environment
lock-free An umbrella term for methods and algorithms to synchronize multithreaded environments or other forms of distributed system without using locks.
kendo-treeview Kendo UI TreeView widget displays hierarchical data in a traditional tree structure
ionic-view Ionic View makes it easy to share your Ionic and Cordova apps with clients and testers around the world, all without ever going through the App Store.
named-query A Hibernate feature that allows for both HQL and SQL queries to be written in the mapping document, keyed by a name
azure-media-services an extensible cloud-based platform that enables developers to build scalable media management and delivery applications
cran For questions relating to the Comprehensive R Archive Network , which serves as a central repository for R distributions and contributed packages
mongoose-populate used to show data of referenced documents from other collection
unity3d-2dtools if your question is about using Unity's built-in 2D features, like the Sprite type and the 2D physics engine, based on Box2D.
seek the act of moving around a file or file-like object.
branch.io branch.io refers to the open source mobile linking service from Branch Metrics
rtos a Real-Time Operating System, a type of operating system that is designed to satisfy, possibly hard or firm, timing constraints
stringify A function that converts a JavaScript value to a JavaScript Object Notation string.
page-lifecycle requested on the web the server goes through a number of stages before sending back a response
oracle-apex-5 Oracle's primary tool for developing Web applications with SQL and PL/SQL
qprocess The QProcess class, part of the Qt framework, provides a way to start external programs and to communicate with them.
rfc a : the form of internet standards from the Internet Engineering Task Force until they are made standards
spacy Industrial strength Natural Language Processing with Python and Cython
vbulletin commercial Internet forum software produced by Jelsoft Enterprises and vBulletin Solutions, both subsidiaries of Internet Brands
libgit2 a portable, pure C implementation of the Git core methods provided as a re-entrant linkable library with a solid API, allowing you to write native speed custom Git applications in any langu…
ccsprite a 2D image that is integrated into a larger scene in cocos2d, which normally represents a character or object in a cocos2d game.
mapper the first step in map reduce step, a component of a larger scalable, parallel-izable algorithm
intel-mkl a high performance math library specifically optimised for Intel processors
byte-order-mark a Unicode character used to signal the order of bytes in a text file or stream
passbook an application in iOS that allows users to store coupons, boarding passes, and other forms of mobile payment
oauth2 an open authorization framework, which can be used to authenticate a user against an OAuth provider on third party websites without exposing the credentials to the third party
fieldset is used to group related elements in HTML and XHTML documents
getelementsbytagname get all elements with the specified tag name.
nsdocument an abstract class that defines the interface for documents, objects that can internally represent data displayed in windows and that can read data from and write data to files.
allocator A component of C++'s Standard Library, in charge of handling the requests for allocation and deallocation of memory for a container.
eigen3 a C++ template library for linear algebra: matrices, vectors, numerical solvers, and related algorithms.
android-geofence Represents a geographical region, also known as a geofence.
berkeley-db part of the Oracle Berkeley DB family of products
sencha-cmd For questions related to sencha's command tool.
nsnotifications NSNotification objects encapsulate information so that it can be broadcast to other objects by an NSNotificationCenter object.
static-files ones that don't get amended during runtime
laravel-passport a native OAuth 2 server for Laravel apps.
shibboleth A standards based, open source software package for web single sign-on across or within organizational boundaries.
squarespace a creative platform for building websites
serverside-rendering a technique for rendering a client-side app on the server.
printers a peripheral which produces a text or graphics of documents stored in electronic form, usually on physical print media such as paper or transparencies.
headless-browser a web browser without a graphical user interface
arrow-functions Questions about the compact function syntax in ECMAScript2015 called .
fbconnect an abbreviation for the Facebook Connect sdk which serve as a means to connect to the facebook servers.
glkit a high-level framework for OS X and iOS that assists with development of OpenGL and OpenGL ES apps.
ida The Interactive Disassembler, more commonly known as simply IDA, is a disassembler for computer software which generates assembly language source code from machine-executable code.
vsts-release Visual Studio Team Services and Team Foundation Server Release Management.
autoscroll A behaviour of a control that allows automatic scrolling capability.
microchip Questions related to the microchip PIC family of microcontrollers
mezzanine an open source content management platform built using the Django framework.
crypt Unix C library function used for hashing passwords
multimedia Multimedia refers to content that uses a combination of different content forms.
milliseconds a thousandth of a second.
automata In theoretical computer science, automata theory is the study of abstract 'mathematical' machines or systems and the computational problems that can be solved using these machines
ruby-1.9 a shortcut for ruby versions 1.9.1, 1.9.2 and 1.9.3
coldfusion-11 a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
touchesbegan for questions related to touchesBegan:withEvent, a UIResponder event-handling method in the UIKit framework and MonoTouch.UIKit Namespace.
rbind Take a sequence of vector, matrix or data-frame arguments and combine by rows
react-router-dom for questions regarding DOM use and bindings of React Router v4.
serilog Serilog provides diagnostic logging to files, the console, and so-on
scanning The act of reading an image, a text or an object using a camera or some other optical input device
payload The part of the packet, message or code that carries the data
visualsvn a Subversion integration package for Visual Studio.
tfs-sdk a Microsoft product, tightly integrated with its Visual Studio product and aimed at helping teams of .net developers work togther, with an integrated Wiki, Work item tracker,…
mapbox-gl A client-side map rendered with implementations in native platforms utilizing OpenGL.
xterm a terminal emulator for the X Window System.
handshake Anything related to handshaking in telecommunications, i.e
flash-media-server now called Adobe Media Server, a server that uses the RTMP protocol to receive and deliver streaming audio and video.
apache-drill a low-latency distributed query engine for large-scale datasets, including structured and semi-structured/nested data.It is capable of querying nested data in formats like JSON and Par…
seed a JavaScript interpreter and a library of the GNOME project.
shutil A Python module which contains a number of utility methods for file or directory operations, such as copying, moving, etc.
swipe-gesture a gesture that involves touching a touchscreen or trackpad, translating the finger in one direction across the screen or pad, and removing the finger
variable-declaration In computer programming, variable declaration specifies properties of a variable .
unpack A function in several scripting languages for unpacking binary data into native types for the language in question
s4 one of the methods of object oriented programming in the R language.
processing.js A JavaScript port of the Processing language.
blending The process of mixing things together
ldap-query A type of transaction performed against an LDAP database
windows-console Windows character mode applications using the functions provided by the console I/O functions
review For questions about systems that implement reviews, such as an e-commerce platform that has a reviews component
pyqtgraph High-performance scientific graphics for PyQt.
wpf-4.0 Version 4.0 of the Windows Presentation Foundation .
power-management The process by which some operating systems will attempt to conserve energy.
decimalformat a concrete subclass of NumberFormat that is used to format decimal numbers
buffering a process of temporarily storing data while it is being moved from one place to another.
gcp GCP provides cloud computing services that let you build applications and websites, store data, and analyze data on Google's infrastructure.
managed-c++ a now deprecated Microsoft set of deviations from C++, including grammatical and syntactic extensions, keywords and attributes, to bring the C++ syntax and language to the .NET Framewor…
level This should redirect to ``.
pascalscript Free scripting engine that allows you to use most of the Object Pascal language within Delphi or Free Pascal projects at runtime.
akka.net A toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed and fault tolerant event-driven applications on .NET & Mono.
arithmetic-expressions an expression that results in a numeric value
qcombobox a Qt class that implements a standard combo-box, which is a list of elements that can contract to occupy less screen space, and expand to show all of the options.
nodemon an automated process that monitors the directory for a given node application
plaintext Plain text refers to any string or sequence of characters that consists entirely of ASCII printable characters.
rtc a software development team collaboration tool that integrates work item tracking, source control management, continuous builds, iteration planning, and highly configurabl…
rapidminer an environment for machine learning, data mining, text mining, predictive analytics, and business analytics
pycurl a Python interface to libcurl.
unresolved-external a linker error
onenote a free cross-platform note-taking application
invalidate Marking cached results for recalculation
prestashop-1.7 the latest still in development version of the free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, Symfony, with Smarty and Twig templating engines, and M…
smsmanager Manages SMS operations in Android apps
deflate a lossless data compression format, and also refers to implementations that compress to the deflate format
nstask NSTask Class on OS X API , lets you run another program as a subprocess and monitor that program’s execution
cgpoint a structure from Apple's Core Graphics framework
bs4 4th version of BeautifulSoup
bnf BNF stands for Backus-Naur Form, or Backus Normal Form
codeigniter-url designed to be search-engine and human friendly
equation-solving null
google-chartwrapper a class exposed by the Google Visualization API.
digest also known as a hash value
awesomium a WebKit wrapper which provides means to display HTML interfaces and web content within C++ and .NET desktop applications, thus being an HTML UI engine
pyopengl Python binding to the OpenGL API
onpause an Activity life-cycle event generated by the Android OS when an Activity is no longer the top-most one in the stack.
object-literal JavaScript Object Literal An object literal is a comma separated list of name value pairs wrapped in curly braces
correlated-subquery a sub-query that uses values from the outer query.
parameterized JUnit's @Parameterized runner provides support for parameterized tests.
lvalue L-value represents the address of the value
pager null
picasa With Picasa and Picasa Webalbums from Google a user can manage digital photo's offline and online .
invisible intended to bring attention and association to all things not meeting the basic criteria of being self-evident to the naked eye
linkage Linkage describes how names can or can not refer to the same entity throughout the entire program or a single unit
xvfb an X11 server that can run graphic applications without a physical screen.
google-fabric a platform that helps your mobile team build better apps, understand your users, and grow your business
iphone-x for questions that specifically apply to the Apple iPhone X device
httpconnection The generic concept of a HTTP connection
kendo-mobile an HTML5, jQuery-based framework for building modern web apps
icmp Internet Control Message Protocol, designed for control and diagnostic messages
alm Application Lifecycle Management
typesafe-activator a browser-based or command-line tool that helps developers get started with the Typesafe Reactive Platform.
minimum-spanning-tree A minimum spanning tree or minimum weight spanning tree is a spanning tree of a connected, undirected graph with the least possible weight.
mink an open source acceptance test framework for web applications, written in PHP 5.3.
db2-luw DB2 for Linux, UNIX and Windows
abi The specifies the low level interface between the programs, libraries and the operating system
zedgraph an LGPL class library, user control, and web control for .NET, for creating various types of graphs and charts
linkbutton An ASP.Net webcontrol that renders as a link but has a button event model made available to the programmer.
reactivemongo Asynchronous & Non-Blocking Scala Driver for MongoDB
azure-virtual-network The Azure Virtual Network allows VPN access to Azure, as well as creating subnets for deploying services in Azure.
ios-frameworks to ask questions related to iOS frameworks.
yii-components an open source, object-oriented, component-based MVC PHP web application framework
relay a JavaScript framework for providing a data layer and client-server communication to web applications using the React view layer.
critical-section Critical section refers to either a piece of code that will run concurrently in several threads accessing global data or resources , or a user-level spinlock combined with …
lambda-calculus a formal system for function definition, function application and recursion which forms the mathematical basis of functional programming.
powershell-v5.0 For issues relating to Windows PowerShell, version 5.0
rnn abbreviation of Recurrent Neural Network which is a class of artificial neural net with feedback.
grunt-contrib-watch a plugin for gruntjs
slick-3.0 a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe.
autofilter a feature in Excel to quickly create subsets of data using built-in or user-defined criteria.
autofixture an open source library for .NET designed to minimize the 'Arrange' phase of your unit tests
screen-rotation Screen Orientations change in a sensor based phones, when you rotate
actionview HTML and Ruby templates used in
servicenow a leading provider of cloud-based services that automate enterprise IT operations
event-bubbling The concept of parent elements handling events that are propagated by a child element
longlistselector a part of Silverlight toolkit for Windows Phone
localnotification A Cordova/PhoneGap plugin to create local notifications on iOS devices using hybrid apps
multipeer-connectivity an iOS 7 framework for connecting to nearby peers over Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, or P2P.
fluent-interface Refers to a practice of coding object-oriented APIs with the aim of improving readability of the interface, normally implemented using method chaining
.net-framework-version Versions of .NET Framework
android-gps Android's GPS device and related API features.
cookbook the fundamental unit of configuration and policy distribution in Chef.
firedac A Delphi/C++Builder data access library, sold by Embarcadero, for developing applications for multiple devices, connected to enterprise databases
separation-of-concerns Design principle that comprises the process of separating a computer program into distinct features that overlap in functionality as little as possible.
backbone-routing a JavaScript framework that provides structure to RESTful web applications
zurb-foundation-6 the latest version of Foundation for Sites Official Docs: http://foundation.zurb.com/sites/docs/
vc6 Microsoft Visual C++ is a commercial, integrated development environment product from Microsoft for the C, C++, and C++/CLI programming languages.
radgridview grid control with powerful features created by Telerik
vis.js A dynamic, browser based visualisation library
red-black-tree a type of self-balancing binary search tree, a data structure used in computing science, typically used to implement associative arrays.
firebird2.5 For questions specific to Firebird 2.5
http-error An error code as a result of an HTTP request.
http-caching Eliminate the need to send HTTP requests in many cases, and eliminate the need to send full HTTP responses in other cases, by storing web content closer to where it is consumed.
data-fitting to fit a line through a data set i.e
data-uri a URL whose scheme part is 'data:' and which which directly represents a resource, rather than the location of a resource.
rollover null
liferay-7 an open source Java portal and social platform
libtool a generic library support script
jsdom Implementation of the WHATWG DOM and HTML Standards for node.js
let In Lisp-like and functional languages, introduces a list of local variables, each with its initial value.
angular-router For the Angular Router service
cfc objects in the environment
typeconverter TypeConverters provide the means for converting values to other types
arp a protocol for resolution of network layer addresses such as IP into link layer addresses
ssh-tunnel The process of enclosing a non-encrypted TCP stream inside of a second, SSH-encrypted stream.
mobilefirst-server IBM MobileFirst Platform Server is designed to seamlessly integrate into the enterprise environment and leverage its existing resources and infrastructure.
sublist A list that makes up part of a larger list.
proximity a sensor able to detect the presence of nearby objects without any physical contact.
post-build-event An event to run scripts, macros or other custom actions after compilation.
py2app py2app can create standalone Mac OS X applications with Python
sqldf an R package for running SQL statements on R data frames.
yodlee a platform for building financial solutions
presentviewcontroller On iPhone and iPod touch, the presented view is always full screen
google-font-api The Google Font Directory provides high-quality web fonts that you can include in your pages using the Google Font API
magic-methods implicitly invoked by a programming language when some event or language construct is used.
mirror null
hierarchical For issues relating to arranging data and/or resources in a hierarchy.
web-analytics the measurement, collection, analysis and reporting of internet data for purposes of understanding and optimizing web usage.
distributed-transactions An operational bundle which consists of multiple ACID transactions, usually on multiple servers, which must all commit or roll back
alexa-skill Amazon’s voice service
iterm2 a GPL terminal emulator available on Mac OS X.
freertos a portable, open source, real-time operating systems for microcontrollers
finite-automata a mathematical description of an algorithm capable of parsing regular languages
ime IME stands for , and refers to systems that allow users to input characters and symbols not found on their keyboard
jetty-9 Version 9 of Jetty, a widely used async java based http server and servlet engine supporting WebSockets, SPDY protocols, JSR356 , HTTP/2 .
devextreme a commercial application framework made by DevExpress
cntk an open source library for commercial-grade distributed deep learning
logfile a file that contains a list of events, which have been by a computer.
unlink Refers to removing a file from a filesystem.
box2d-iphone a physics engine created by Erin Catto
qtip2 The second generation of the advanced qTip, which is an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
wine a software emulator used to run Windows software on UNIX-like operating systems
underline a more or less horizontal line immediately below a portion of text
typing For questions related to data types
service-accounts The Google OAuth 2.0 endpoint supports server-to-server interactions such as those between a web application and Google Cloud Storage.
ractivejs a non-opinionated JavaScript library for building reactive user interfaces
qimage a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a hardware-independent image representation that allows direct access to the pixel data, and can be used as a paint device.
std-function callable like a function, and wraps another callable type and forwards calls to it.
msiexec the Microsoft Windows Installer executable that installs MSI files
sections null
idris a general purpose pure functional programming language with dependent types.
login-script a batch script for fine-tuning computer workstation logins
overload-resolution a language mechanism to select among several viable function overloads
role null
eigenvalue the factor by which the eigenvector is scaled when multiplied by the matrix.
avassetwriter on OS X API, you use an AVAssetWriter object to write media data to a new file of a specified audiovisual container type, such as a QuickTime movie file or an MPEG-4 file, with support for automatic i…
wicked-pdf a PDF generation plugin for Ruby on Rails using wkhtmltopdf to convert HTML to PDF.
busybox a single executable implementation of the common UNIX utilities that has been optimized for minimal size.
divide-and-conquer a top-down technique for designing algorithms that consists of dividing the problem into smaller subproblems hoping that the solutions of the subproblems are easier to find and t…
macos-high-sierra The fourteenth release of Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers
myeclipse Commercial J2EE IDE and Web development tool suite for the Eclipse open-source platform.
mixpanel an analytics platform for tracking events on mobile and the web.
jquery-callback a function, passed as an argument, that is invoked if a certain event is picked up on, or after a predefined period of time
ogg free and open bitstream container format designed for streaming and manipulation of audio, video, and other media.
temporary The concept of any object being ephemeral, for example temporary files or object that will only exist for a short period of time.
udpclient a .NET-Class allowing to send and receive UDP-Traffic.
requirements A list of capabilities or attributes necessary to be in compliance of some specification.
unsatisfiedlinkerror observed when either the library wasn't found or the library exists but couldn't be opened.
usb-drive Storage drives connected by USB devices known otherwise as flash drive, memory stick, pen drive, USB stick, USB key and thumb drive
spacebars a Meteor template language inspired by Handlebars
xmlwriter part of .NET framework that provides non-cached, forward-only way to generate streams or files that contain XML data.
xmlpullparser Either the Android XMLPullParser, or any other XML parser implementation that uses the concept of pulling in XML events.
backbone-collections Collections in the Backbone.js library.
creation null
asp.net-mvc-viewmodel a class, that represents data model used in specific view.
uiapplication The UIApplication class provides a centralized point of control and coordination for apps running on iOS
firebreath a C++ framework for creating web browser plugins that work on Windows, Mac, and Linux and target all major browsers
foreman a manager for Procfile-based applications
dataflow a programming paradigm in which computations are modeled through directed graphs: nodes are instructions and data flows through the connections between them.
blowfish a block cipher designed in 1993 to be fast on the general purpose CPUs of the time
whitelist a list of entities that have been authorized for some access or action.
affinetransform a special 3x3 matrix used to apply translation, rotation, shearing or skew, and scaling to coordinate systems in two dimensional graphic contexts.
polynomials an expression consisting of variables and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non-negative…
case-when only for SQL queries
butterknife An annotation-based Android view framework aimed at reducing boilerplate.
custom-error-pages Creating, using and customizing error pages to enhance user experience.
heroku-postgres the SQL database service run by Heroku that is provisioned and managed as an add-on.
multiple-files A many files involved in the operation.
fastlane a Continuous Delivery solution for mobile apps
text-analysis an area of study where one uses linguistic, statistical and machine learning tools to analyze a text in order to extract some high quality information from it.
cosine-similarity a measure of similarity between two vectors of an inner product space that measures the cosine of the angle between them
cancellation paradigm that allows cooperatively canceling a running operation before it finishes.
mojarra the codename of Sun/Oracle's JSF reference implementation
phabricator an open source collection of web applications which makes it easier to scale software companies.
forceclose Feature used in Android OS to close running application and put it in so called Stop State when it does not work and does not receive any broadcasts.
xpcom XPCOM is a cross-platform component model from Mozilla
negative-number a number that is less than 0
laravel-elixir a library for Laravel that provides an API for defining basic Gulp streaming build system tasks
jung an open-source Java library for representing, manipulating, analyzing, and visualizing graph and network data.
django-csrf the Cross Site Request Forgery protection middleware for Django.
apache-kafka-connect a tool for scalable and reliable streaming data between Apache Kafka and other data systems.
layoutparams a helper class that stores various layout information related to the Android view for which it is used.
database-deadlocks In databases, when multiple processes alter the same table or row, each can lock a table or row
amazon-product-api a webservice offered by Amazon to access product data
stdclass php's generic empty class, kind of like Object in Java or object in Python.But not actually used as universal base class
waveform Waveform means the shape and form of a signal such as a wave moving in a physical medium or an abstract representation
revert Revert generally refers to operations that put a system, environment, or application into a previous state.
scrollable A scrollable control affords the user the ability to slide text, images or video across a monitor or display, usually to conserve screen real estate.
xmlnode XML document unit .
xamarin.mac an open source library for building Cocoa applications on OSX using C# and .NET
confirmation null
locationlistener Used for receiving notifications from the LocationManager when the location has changed in Android.
eclipse-pde to ask about the Eclipse Plugin Development Environment which provides tools to create, develop, test, debug, build and deploy OSGi bundles, Eclipse plug-ins, fragments, features, update …
osdev Operating System development: kernel, shell, networking, cross-compiling, etc.
marklogic-8 8th Version of MarkLogic - An Enterprise NoSQL Database
jmf JMF stands for the Java Media Framework.
firefox-developer-tools For questions relating to the built-in developer tools in Firefox .
image-size is for questions related to the resizing, cropping, compression and retrieving the size of images in the context of source code.
jagged-arrays an array whose elements are arrays
aurelia-binding Use for questions related to the Aurelia Binding library, a part of the Aurelia platform that implements databinding for JavaScript and HTML.
katana a collection of projects for supporting OWIN with various Microsoft components.
python-social-auth an easy to setup social authentication/registration mechanism with support for several frameworks and auth providers.
variance In probability and statistics, the variance is a measure of the spread of a set of numbers.
web-frontend A refinement of the more generic frontend tag
twilio-php Use to identify questions related to use of, or problems with, Twilio's PHP Helper Library.
tablelayoutpanel A Winforms control that allows the dynamic addition of components which are arranged in a grid pattern using columns and rows.
taskmanager a system monitor that provides limited information about running applications.
skin set of properties used to change the appearance of an application through setting the colors and decoration of controls and components
revision Revision: A release of a piece of software which is not a major release or a bugfix, but only introduces small changes or new features.
onkeydown triggered when when the user is pressing a key or holding down a key.
richtext Text that includes formatting commands for page layout such as fonts, bold, underline, italic, etc
method-chaining Method chaining, also known as named parameter idiom, is a common syntax for invoking multiple method calls in object-oriented programming languages
stringbuffer used as a thread-safe, mutable sequence of characters.
drm DRM usually stands for Digital Rights Management
couchbase-lite an ultra-lightweight, reliable, secure JSON database built for online/offline mobile application needs and is part of Couchbase's Mobile product.
jmsserializerbundle A bundle for the Symfony 2-framework that allows you to serialize objects into a variety of output formats .
matomo An open source web analytics system
google-speech-api With Google Speech API you can convert speech to text file based or live stream
preprocessor-directive Instructions to a preprocessor that control how it modifies source text
javacc a popular parser generator and lexical analyzer generator for Java and C++.
android-install-apk the file format used for installing software on the Android operating system.
android-imagebutton Displays a button with an image that can be pressed or clicked by the user.
autoplay AutoPlay, a feature introduced in Windows XP, examines newly discovered removable media and devices and, based on content such as pictures, music or video files, launches an appropriate application to…
eclipse-emf for questions about the Eclipse Modeling Framework Project
thread-local a class from the Java API and the documentation defines it: "This class provides thread-local variables
insertion null
business-rules a statement that describes a business policy or procedure
clearcase-ucm a structured development process that is based on Rational ClearCase tools
operation null
proxypass ProxyPass in Apache, and proxy_pass in nginx, are directives used to specify which backend or remote server should handle the incoming http request
square-connect The Square Connect API lets developers process payments online & in-person as well as accessing different information in Square merchant accounts.
subscript a number, figure, symbol, or indicator that is smaller than the normal line of type and is set slightly below the baseline.
wordpress-rest-api The REST-API from WordPress.
podio if you have a programming question about Podio
bsd a family of Unix-like operating systems, including FreeBSD, NetBSD and OpenBSD.
atg ATG's Web Commerce platform
export-to-pdf Conversion of other document formats to the PDF format programmatically.
autorelease Use autorelease for questions related to deferring the release of a variable stored within an object until some time in the future to facilitate referencing it while avoid memory leaks
node-redis a complete Redis client for node.js
infix-notation written infix-style when they are placed between the operands they act on .
gwt2 an open source and free framework made by Google.
grails-3.0 the next major version of the framework, which introduces some radical changes on the platform compared to the 2.x versions
jquery-select2-4 Select2 4.0 was released in April 2015 and is a complete rewrite of the Select2 code base
message-driven-bean an enterprise bean that allows J2EE/Java EE applications to process messages asynchronously.
condition-variable A synchronisation primitive used in multithreaded programming to wait for a condition to be true.
conways-game-of-life The Game of Life, also known simply as Life, is a cellular automaton devised by the British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970
office365-apps Office 365 add-ins lets you create consumer and enterprise experiences running within supported Office 2013 applications by using the power of the web and standard web technologies like HTML5, XML, CS…
traceback a report of the actions leading up to a run-time error in the execution of a program.
today-extension a widget shown in the today view of the notification center of OS X and iOS.
ps the UNIX command for retreiving process information.
preference null
portfolio Portfolio may refer to: a collection of held stocks or investments , or patents held by a single entity; a sample of an individual's past work , or a…
read-write a mode of access designating the intent or ability to perform both read and write operations on a entity.
portrait that orientation where the width is smaller than the height
entropy a measure of the uncertainty in a random variable.
n-tier-architecture N-Tier architecture refers to the architecture of an application that has at least 3 layers or parts that are separate
emf For questions about the Eclipse Modeling Framework project
facebook-canvas the application environment for 3rd party Games & Applications that live within Facebook, in a framed environment
android-sdk-2.3 For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 2.3.
computation-theory the branch that deals with whether and how efficiently problems can be solved on a model of computation, using an algorithm
gprs GPRS refers to the 2G/3G data services provided by the mobile operators over GSM network.
android-8.0-oreo Android 8.0 Oreo , formerly known as .
tunnel a virtual bidirectional point-to-point connection between a pair of nodes through an arbitrary number of networks/network-nodes.
navigationcontroller A Controller in a MVC pattern provides the execution flow of the application
autorotate null
cucumberjs a Behavior Driven Development tool originally designed to work with Ruby
dependent-type types that depend on values
eclipse-indigo the code name for Eclipse version 3.7 that was released on June 22, 2011
http-status-code-400 The HTTP response status code 400 Bad Request
member-functions A function declared and/or defined within a class.
processing-efficiency null
mshtml MSHTML was introduced in Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0
datamodel According to Hoberman , "A data model is a wayfinding tool for both business and IT professionals, which uses a set of symbols and text to precisely explain a subset of real information to impro…
react-native-router-flux a routing package for react native based on new React Native Navigation API
persist null
virus a computer program that can replicate itself and spread from one computer to another
tpl-dataflow a .NET library for building concurrent applications
strongly-typed-dataset In the Microsoft .NET framework, strongly typed DataSets derive from the DataSet class, but instead of exposing a property of type `object` for each column in a table row, they expose properties of th…
precompile All questions regarding the precompile process should be tagged here
sccm System Center Configuration Manager is a systems management software product by Microsoft for managing large groups of Windows-based computer systems
read.table basic R function which reads a file in table format and creates a data frame from it, with cases corresponding to lines and variables to fields in the file.
kurento a open source WebRTC media server and a set of client APIs making simple the development of advanced video applications for WWW and smartphone platforms.
gql a SQL-like language for retrieving entities or keys from Google Cloud Datastore.
google-cloud-dataproc a managed Hadoop MapReduce, Spark, Pig and Hive service on Google Cloud Platform
exponent a mathematical operation, written as b raised to the power of n, involving two numbers, the base b and the exponent n.
mesosphere Quickly build a highly-available and scalable Apache Mesos cluster on Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, or on your existing hardware
dotnetzip Questions dealing with the DotNetZip open-source zip library for .NET
recurring-billing When you give a merchant permission to charge your account at regular intervals for purchase of goods or services.
google-app-engine-python Python language version of Google App Engine
hstore data type for storing sets of key/value pairs in Postgres, similar to hashes in Ruby and Perl, associative arrays in PHP or dictionaries in Python.
fault the immediate cause of a failure
sentry an event logging platform primarily focused on capturing and aggregating exceptions.
viewer null
opencv4android a library for real-time computer vision, it is free for use under the open source BSD license.
pymc a Python module for providing Bayesian statistical models, algorithms and estimations
rss-reader a client software or a web application which aggregates syndicated web content such as news headlines, blogs, podcasts, and video blogs in one location for easy viewing.
customvalidator The .NET `CustomValidator` class that allows custom validation of any UI input element
android-toast a momentary popup in Android which provides simple feedback about an operation.
androiddesignsupport The Android Design Support Library brings navigation drawer view, floating labels, a floating action button, snackbar, tabs, and a motion and scroll framework to tie them together.
clpfd CLP, which stands for Constraint Logic Programming over Finite Domains, implements declarative integer arithmetic in Prolog systems
iife In Javascript, an IIFE stands for an Immediately-Invoked Function Expression: a function expression that gets invoked immediately after it is defined, such as ;
istanbul A JavaScript code coverage tool written in JavaScript.
commandbutton JSF tag to create a POST botton.
frp programming paradigm for reactive programming
resizable To make something bigger or smaller, especially an image on a computer screen.
subscribe null
trello a collaboration tool that organizes your projects into boards
nosetests the the script name for running Python testing, a package for automated unit tests based on simple asserts and running all test* functions in test*.py
mv the Unix command to rename or move a file or directory.
frameset a container for dividing a browser window into rectangular subspaces called frames
werkzeug a WSGI utility library for Python
codesign In iPhone development codesign deals with Provisioning Profiles, App Developer Certificate and device UDID.
domain-name a string of characters that identifies a realm of authority within a Domain Naming System .
data-synchronization the process of establishing consistency among data from a source to a target data storage and vice versa and the continuous harmonization of the data over time.
activexobject the key/initial function to enable and reference an in a Microsoft programming environment or the Internet Explorer browser
prepend Add content on to the beginning of something .
screensaver a visual program that runs after a period of inactivity.
derivative a measure of a function's rate of change as its input changes.
dockerhub a product by Docker Inc built on top of the open source Docker Registry to distribute Docker images.
continuations In computer science and programming, a continuation is an abstract representation of the control state
pixelsense a large-touchscreen computer platform released by Microsoft in 2008
pixi.js An HTML5 2D rendering engine that uses webGL with canvas fallback.
android-keypad Android supports a variety of keyboard devices including special function keypads , compact embedded QWERTY keyboards, and fully featured PC-style external keyboards.
modelform Questions related to the usage of a Django helper class ModelForm that let programmers create a Form class from a model.
jradiobutton the Java Swing implementation of a radio button.
pyrocms a lightweight, themeable open-source CMS built on top of the PHP framework Laravel, praised for its simplicity.
hidden-markov-models a model for understanding and predicting sequential data in statistics and machine learning, commonly used in natural language processing and bioinformatics.
session-storage an HTML 5 browser standard to enable storage and retrieval of simple data on the client
jinternalframe a lightweight Java Swing component that provides many of the features of a native frame, including dragging, closing, becoming an icon, resizing, title display, and support for a men…
reportbuilder ReportBuilder can refer to either the Microsoft Report Builder tool for SQL Server Reporting Services reports, or to the Digital Metaphors Corporation reporting solution for Delphi developers o…
ckeditor4.x Version 4 of the JavaScript based WYSIWYG editor CKEditor.
motionevent report movement events
paas short for Platform-as-a-service, a category of cloud-centric services.
cgpath a mathematical description of a series of shapes or lines
fluentd open-source and distributed data collector, which receives logs in JSON format, buffers them, and sends them to other systems like Amazon S3, MongoDB, Hadoop, or other Fluentds.
fixed-point Two different concepts: - **Fixed-point arithmetic** is done using a set number of decimal places
end-to-end test whether the flow of an application right from start to finish is behaving as expected
eps the common abbreviation for Encapsulated PostScript, a restricted version of PostScript meant to be embedded within other documents.
getelementsbyclassname a Javascript function which takes a string argument and returns elements from the current page with a class name matching the string
nmap Questions relating to Nmap, a free and open-source utility for network exploration or security auditing.
ios8.1 Refers to the first minor version of Apple's iOS 8 operating system used on the iPhone, iPad, iPod, and upcoming Apple Watch devices.
spark-java a lightweight web application framework inspired by Ruby's Sinatra.
spring-boot-actuator a sub-project of Spring Boot
qtextedit a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a widget that is used to edit and display both plain and rich text
sqldependency The SqlDependency object represents a query notification dependency between an application and an instance of SQL Server
perl-data-structures Discussion of Perl's three built-in data types: scalars, arrays of scalars, and associative arrays of scalars, known as
imessage an instant messenger service developed by Apple Inc.
elliptic-curve a smooth, projective algebraic curve of genus one, on which there is a specified point O.
sunspot-rails Sunspot Rails Plugin
directshow.net to allow access to Microsoft's DirectShow functionality from within .NET applications
body-parser node.js body parsing middleware
tabpanel A GUI pattern, a panel that contains one or more tabs within his borders
osb a fundamental component of Oracle's Services-Oriented Architecture that provides a loosely-coupled framework for inter-application messaging
petapoco a tiny and fast micro-ORM for .NET and Mono.
matlab-compiler MATLAB Compiler™ lets you share your MATLAB® application as an executable or a shared library
objective-c-category an Objective-C language feature that allows adding methods to an existing class in a different implementation unit without subclassing
asp.net-webpages a page-centric lightweight development framework from Microsoft for building dynamic web sites.
gsap a suite of tools for scripted, high-performance HTML5 animations that work in all major browsers.
clustered-index A clustered index determines the physical order of data in a table.
device-orientation Use device-orientation for questions related to coding for both landscape and portrait modes of a device which can be rotated by the user
suse a commercial Linux distribution
asp.net-mvc-5.2 Refers to the 5.2 version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications.
fgetcsv a PHP function which parses the line it reads for fields in CSV format and returns an array containing the fields read.
jenkins-workflow instead for problems using the plugin suite for Jenkins continuous integration.
laravel-3 the outdated version of the open-source framework for PHP web development created by Taylor Otwell
maxlength Maxlength specifies the maximum number of characters allowed in an element .
qtip an advanced tooltip plugin for the jQuery JavaScript framework.
xen a virtualization technology for IA-32, x86-64 and ARM architectures.
functional-dependencies a constraint between two sets of attributes in a relation, in relational algebra, databases and type systems.
document.write A DOM Level 2 HTML method that writes a string of text to a document stream opened by document.open.
specialization `template specialization`
synonym a word or phrase that means exactly or nearly the same as another word or phrase in the same language.
mac-app-store For issues relating to deploying and maintaining an application in the Mac App Store.
issue-tracking Issue tracking refers to managing of tasks and problems in project.
google-openid Third-party websites and applications can now let visitors sign in using their Google user accounts
kalman-filter a mathematical method
caanimation an abstract animation class from Apple QuartzCore framework
iar a company that specialize in creating development tools for embedded systems
antiforgerytoken Cryptographic Nonce for anti-CSRF protection
acs short for Windows Azure Access Control Service
selinux an implementation of a flexible mandatory access control architecture in the Linux operating system.
bearer-token issued to clients by an authorization server with the approval of the resource owner
swingx Contains extensions to the Java Swing GUI toolkit, including new and enhanced components that provide functionality commonly required by rich client applications.
scorm a collection of standards for online content delivery.
admin-on-rest Use it for questions about the admin-on-rest admin framework for React.js
android-screen-support The foundation of Android's support for multiple screens is its ability to manage the rendering of an application's layout and bitmap drawables in an appropriate way for the current screen configurati…
contiki an open source operating system for the Internet of Things.
sicp the book Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs by Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman with Julie Sussman and published by the MIT Press.
configparser a Python module for reading and writing configuration files that have a structure similar to those of INI files in Microsoft Windows.
compojure an open source web framework for the Clojure programming language.
explain a SQL command that shows the execution plan of a query.
non-static a term to define a function or field that is bound to some object instance
virtuoso a multi-model relational database management system for data represented as Relational Tables and/or RDF Property Graphs
video-recording Questions related to video recording on devices
cocos2d-android JAVA version for Android development
angular2-aot Use angular2-aot for questions related to the Angular2 ahead-of-time compiler, which allows developers to deploy pre-compiled JavaScript code and HTML5 markup to the browser rather than TypeScript and…
angular2-http For questions directly related to the use of the Http service in Angular.
azure-stream-analytics Related to Microsoft Azure Cloud Analytics system : http://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/stream-analytics/
variadic In computer science, an operator or function is variadic if it can take a varying number of arguments; that is, if its arity is not fixed.
staging the process of deploying to an intermediate, usually internal, repository so that deployed artifacts can be tested and later promoted to higher levels so that they can finally be release to…
shellcode a small piece of code used as the payload in the exploitation of a software vulnerability.
quartz-core the framework that includes Core Animation, Core Image, and Core Video
electronics off-topic for Stack Overflow: consider asking these questions on Electronics.SE
fix The Financial Information eXchange Protocol is a series of messaging specifications for the electronic communication of both trade-related and quote-stream related electronic trad…
htmlspecialchars a PHP function that convert special characters to HTML entities.
bitmapdata used by the Bitmap::LockBits and Bitmap::UnlockBits methods of the Bitmap class
oxyplot an open source, cross-platform .NET plotting library.
toolchain a collection of software tools that work together to build and manage programs.
keystroke The generic concept of capturing or generating a keystroke event in an application.
key-value-store Key/Value stores allow the application to store its data in a schema-less way.
worklight-server IBM Worklight Server is designed to seamlessly integrate into the enterprise environment and leverage its existing resources and infrastructure.
esper a lightweight, open-source library for CEP and ESP applications developed by EsperTech Inc.
prestashop-1.5 Version 1.5 of Prestashop, a free and open-source e-commerce storefront/shopping cart solution based on PHP, the Smarty templating engine, and MySQL.
android-navigation Designing Effective Navigation: Consistent navigation is an essential component of the overall user experience
com+ a runtime and set of services that is an evolution of Microsoft Component Object Model and Microsoft Transaction Server .
cyrillic For questions about code that deals with any kind of Cyrillic .
django-1.7 the version of the Django framework, released September 2014
sqlxml a feature in MS SQL , that enables XML support for making queries and processing data.
jsrender JsRender: Next-generation jQuery Templates
closest being the nearest to a number, object, quantity etc.
web-essentials an open-source extension for VisualStudio written by Mads Kristensen, a Program Manager at the Microsoft Web Platform team, which, according to its own site: 'Adds many useful featur…
scientific-notation a way of writing numbers
date-conversion Conversion of dates from one calendar or notation to another, for example, converting Julian calendar February 29, 1700 to Gregorian calendar March 11, 1700, or .
calculated-field null
apache-httpcomponents A Java library for interacting with HTTP services.
filebeat a lightweight, open source shipper for log file data
androidhttpclient Implementation of the Apache DefaultHttpClient that is configured with reasonable default settings and registered schemes for Android This class was deprecated in API level 22
wix3.7 The WiX Toolset v3.7
firebase-admin a set of client libraries which enable App Developers to write more custom behavior for their apps by providing server technologies access to Firebase APIs
jce Java Cryptographic Extension : a pluggable cryptography framework where various providers can bring the desired functionality
event-loop Event loop refers to an infinite cycle of actions which is used for processing data based on callbacks and messages.
atk4 Object Oriented PHP framework for building rich Web UI
amazon-simpledb Highly available schema-less attribute database that is part of the Amazon Web Services offering
sprite-sheet a large image filled with smaller images
subtitle derived from either a transcript or screenplay of the dialog or commentary in films, television programs, video games, and the like, usually displayed at the bottom of the screen.
stereo-3d should only be used for issues directly related to binocular graphical rendering
process.start The Start method on the .NET System.Diagnostics.Process class for starting applications from within a program
dataprovider A property of the Flex DataGrid and AdvancedDataGrid used to specify a data source.
netstat a command-line tool that displays network connections , routing tables, and a number of network interface statistics
temp A common directory on a file system which acts as a that can be used to hold files and directories for short periods of time.
spannablestring a class for text whose content is immutable but to which markup objects can be attached and detached.
ripple a Chrome plugin that emulates the PhoneGap APIs
ring a Clojure web applications library written by Mark McGranaghan
onkeyup a JavaScript event that fires upon releasing a keyboard key
autosize A user interface implementation to automatically resize a control or element to accommodate its contents.
c++98 The 1998 revision of the C++ standard, ISO/IEC 14882:1998.
bootstrap-select A custom select / multiselect for Bootstrap using button dropdown, designed to behave like regular Bootstrap selects.
boilerplate the term used to describe sections of code that have to be included in many places with little or no alteration
dcg a compact way to describe lists in Prolog.
jsessionid the name of the tracking parameter defined by the Java servlet API.
uistatusbar Status bars display a collection of status items that provide interaction with or feedback to the user, such as a menu or an image reflecting an application’s state
mips32 for questions related to the 32 bits version of the MIPS architecture instruction set
mjpeg a class of video formats where each video frame is separately compressed as a JPEG image
choice null
mint an operating system based on Ubuntu.
mechanicalturk crowd sourcing web-service by Amazon
webm an open video encoding standard by Google
facebook-marketing-api enables access to Facebook’s advertising platform
encoder a software program, device or algorithm that converts information from one format or code to another, for the purposes of standardization, speed, secrecy, security or compressions.
for-in-loop a type of 'Fast enumeration', which is a language feature that allows you to efficiently and safely enumerate over the contents of a collection using a concise syntax.
imaging Anything related to digital imaging, i.e
spring-cloud-config Spring Cloud Config provides server and client-side support for externalized configuration in a distributed system.
xcode6.1 Related to the specific version of the Apple's IDE, Xcode 6.1
qss For questions relating to Qt Style Sheets, which allow declarative customization of Qt objects.
amazon-elasticache a web service that makes it easy to deploy, operate, and scale an in-memory cache in the cloud
doctrine-1.2 a PHP ORM
reactivex a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs by using observable sequences.
clips an acronym for C Language Integrated Production System, rules-based programming framework designed for building expert systems.
spring-bean A simple JavaBean managed by the Spring IoC container.
uirefreshcontrol A UIRefreshControl object provides a standard control that can be used to initiate the refreshing of a table view’s contents
repeating null
iscroll a javascript scroller that features high performance, small footprint, dependency free and multi-platform
lightbox2 a JQuery-script developed by Lokesh Dhakar used to display images in an overlaying box
nmake a variant from Microsoft of Make build automation software.
service-reference a Visual Studio construct which generates code from service metadata
windows-mobile-6.5 an operating system for PDAs and smartphones developed by Microsoft.
testcomplete a functional automated testing platform developed by SmartBear Software
ankhsvn a Subversion Source Control Provider for Microsoft Visual Studio
object-oriented-analysis the initial approach in solving a problem - designing a conceptual model as the proposed solution based on a set of requirements.
winston A multi-transport async logging library for node.js.
android-loadermanager An abstract class associated with an Activity or Fragment for managing one or more Loader instances
encryption-asymmetric A type of encryption which uses one key to encrypt a message and another to decrypt the message.
ember-router a built-in routing mechanism within Ember.js which represents application state with a URL
curly-braces The symbols , commonly used in programming languages
ca a trusted third party which asserts the identity of a remote website.
roleprovider Built-in and custom implementations of ASP.NET's Role Provider, as part of Membership functionality in the System.Web.Security namespace.
temperature that it is a measure of heat dissipation, This tag can include programming related questions like temperature conversion, temperature detection through device sen…
django-generic-views Questions about Django’s built-in generic views, which helps you to avoid repeating common code patterns in every project.
nhibernate-queryover a strongly-typed fluent-like wrapper on top of NHibernate ICritieria, a database-agnostic query API that supports query composition.
xulrunner Mozilla's runtime environment meant to run cross-platform applications using the same technologies as the Firefox browser.
submission for questions related to Submission, i.e
particle-system The term particle system refers to a computer graphics technique that uses a large number of very small sprites.
partial-classes With this keyword classes can be split into multiple definitions, but it compiles into one class.
android-productflavors a customized version of an application built by Gradle.
checkedlistbox displayed to the left of each item.
data-storage The generic concept of data-mass storage, not specific to any vendor or system architecture.
eclipse-wtp The Eclipse Web Tools Platform project extends the Eclipse platform with tools for developing Web and Java EE applications
icommand Interface for MVVM scenarios in Silverlight and WPF to bind commands from models to controls .
m3u8 , which uses UTF-8 Unicode characters.
git-subtree An alternative to the git-submodule command
facebook-sdk-3.0 The Facebook SDK version 3.0 released on 07/08/2012
spring-kafka The Spring for Apache Kafka project applies core Spring concepts to the development of Kafka-based messaging solutions.
scoping Scoping associates a name with an entity
wix3.6 For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.6.
smpp The Short Message Peer-to-Peer protocol is a telecommunications industry protocol for exchanging SMS messages between SMS peer entities such as short message service centers and/or External Sho…
error-reporting null
cgridview CGridView displays a list of data items in terms of a table.
xtragrid Grid control for Windows Forms applications from DevExpress
cocoon-gem Dynamic nested forms using jQuery made easy; works with formtastic, simple_form or default forms
commonsware-cwac Questions pertaining to the CommonsWare CWAC series of Android libraries.
fsm Acronym for Finite State Machine.
angular-strap a set of native directives that enables seamless integration of Twitter Bootstrap into AngularJS applications
user-management null
configuration-management the task of tracking and controlling changes in the software deployments
pointer-arithmetic You can perform a limited number of arithmetic operations on pointers
theos a cross-platform suite of development tools for managing, developing, and deploying iOS software without the use of Xcode
textcolor an attribute used for setting a font color, typically used in TextViews xml definitions.
rails-console the interactive, command-line interface to the Ruby-based Rails framework
camunda a light-weight, open source platform for Business Process Management and Execution.
node-mongodb-native an officially supported driver written in pure JavaScript to provide a native asynchronous Node.js interface to MongoDB
flask-admin an extension for the Flask framework
ssrs-grouping Microsofts SQL Server Reporting Services allows creation of reports that contain Tablix controls where data is grouped by fields or expressions in row and/or column groups
sbt-assembly an sbt plugin for building a single JAR file of a project.
db4o an open source embeddable object database for Java and .NET.
uiappearance iOS 5+ API for appearance customisation
magnolia an open source Java- and JCR-based content management system, targeted at the enterprise.
prettyphoto a jQuery-based Lightbox clone that can be used to display media elements such as images, videos, and Flash.
sql-server-2012-express a powerful and reliable free data management system that delivers a rich and reliable data store for lightweight Web Sites and desktop applications.
castle an open source project for .net that aspires to simplify the development of enterprise and web applications.
attached-properties In Windows Presentation Foundation , attached properties are a specialized form of dependency property that does not have the conventional property .
jconsole A Java debugging aid that redirects any System.{out,err} to a console window.
opc the interoperability standard for the secure and reliable exchange of data in the industrial automation space.
rdl a standard proposed by Microsoft for defining reports.
chunks a fragment of information which is used in many multimedia formats
itunes-store Questions about the usage of APIs and webservices exposed by the iTunes Store, Apple's online music & media store .
mod-jk the connector used to connect the Tomcat servlet container with web servers using AJP protocol.
inspect null
stop-words words that are filtered out prior the processing of natural language data.
animate.css a free collection of CSS animations that can be used in projects with very minimal effort.
feathersjs a library that extends Express - one of the most popular web frameworks for NodeJS - with the ability to easily create shared RESTful web services and real-time APIs using SocketIO and oth…
dataadapter a .Net framework class that facilitates communication between a DataTable and a database.
netbeans-6.9 the version 6.9 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
code-cleanup Code cleanup refers to the act of writing code so that it cleans up leftover data structures and other unwanted materials from memory and the filesystem
ms-release-management a tool that allows you to automate the release and deployment cycle of software
data-extraction the act or process of retrieving data out of data sources for further data processing or data storage .
fbo an OpenGL object type that allows rendering to textures or other user-allocated image buffers
sessionfactory A main interface used by the application to obtain a Hibernate session.
cortex-m For all ARM Cortex-M series cores, including M0, M0+, M1, M3, M4, M7, M23 and M33.
xps an open specification for a page description language and a fixed-document format originally developed by Microsoft as XML Paper Specification that was late…
fractals interesting mathematical objects with a special behaviour in a complex-plane , depending on their initial position
spring-session Spring Session aims to provide a common infrastructure for managing sessions.
vsts-build-task Questions on extending the Visual Studio Team Services Build and Release Management system through extensions and custom tasks.
vsphere VMware's virtualization operating system.
uicontrol the base class for control objects such as buttons and sliders
motorola an American multinational telecommunications company which designs and sells wireless network infrastructure equipment.
can a vehicle bus standard designed to allow microcontrollers and devices to communicate with each other within a vehicle without a host computer
angularjs-http a core Angular service that facilitates communication with the remote HTTP servers via the browser's XMLHttpRequest object or via JSONP.
annotation-processing a plug-in for the Java compiler
filepicker.io a full file management framework which supports web, iOS and Android platform.
directions Directions refers to point-to-point steps returned from a map API or application.
whmcs WHMCompleteSolution, also known as WHMCS, is a commercial billing and automation software program developed by WHMCS Ltd.
dfa a deterministic finite automaton, a simple model of computation
using-statement a C# and VB.NET language feature that simplifies deterministic cleanup of disposable resources
edi the transmission of structured data directly from one computer system of one organization to the computer system of another organization.
dsc a feature in Windows Powershell that enables deployment and management of configuration data for software services and management of the environment in which these…
mako a template library written in Python
padrino a ruby framework built upon the excellent Sinatra Microframework
reveal.js a framework which allows creating beautiful presentations easily using HTML.
renderpartial The concept of rendering only a specific part of any UI
sequence-diagram The UML sequence diagram
reducers Refers to reducers in the mapreduce framework
onbackpressed a function called in the Android operating system when the user presses the back key.
stemming The process for reducing inflected words to their stem.
datagridviewcolumn In WinForms DataGridViewColumn class represents a column in a DataGridView control.
blackberry-cascades BlackBerry Cascades framework contains tools and APIs that you can use to build rich applications using Cascades libraries and Qt libraries.
django-filter a reusable Django application for allowing users to filter queryset dynamically
apostrophe The single-quote character
jquery-jtable a jQuery plugin that manages CRUD tables using AJAX
gnu-parallel a shell tool for executing jobs in parallel using one or more computers.
airplay a streaming technology made by Apple to stream media to multiple devices wirelessly or to the Airplay SDK that offers deployment to many platforms.
buildroot a set of Makefiles and patches that makes it easy to generate a complete embedded Linux system, from the cross-compilation toolchain to the complete image for flashing.
google-analytics-v4 a free analytics solution provided by Google, featuring several client-side APIs for data collection
oh-my-zsh a popular open-source customization library for the zsh terminal shell.
express-session null
android-intentservice The IntentService class provides a straightforward structure for running an operation on a single background thread.
facebook-insights Facebook Insights provides developers and Page owners with metrics about their content.
design-time In opposition to the run-time of a software, its design-time represents the time where it's being created.
httplistener Programmatically controlled HTTP protocol listener.
beagleboard an ultra-low cost, high performance, low power ARM Cortex-A8 based single board computer designed by BeagleBoard.org community members.
bottom-sheet Material design concept - bottom sheets slide up from the bottom of the screen to reveal more content.
corda for questions about the Corda DLT platform and associated CorDapps
ember-simple-auth a lightweight library for implementing authentication/authorization with Ember.js applications
ionic-native for ionic-native a replacement for using ngCordova supports ionic 1 and ionic 2, and since ngCordova tag is existing this tag must exist as well, the ngCordova is such a different tag…
mpmovieplayer iOS API : A movie player that manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream
pry an alternative to the standard Ruby interpreter, IRB.
phing a project build system based on Apache ant
std-pair an ordered, heterogeneous sequence of exactly two objects .
federated-identity The concept of linking a single individual's digital identity across multiple IT systems
last-modified null
ftplib ftplib — FTP protocol client under Python programming language
lcd an abbreviation for Liquid Crystal Display.
kubectl a command line interface for running commands against Kubernetes clusters
modelstate The ModelState is a component in the ASP.Net MVC Framework that manages the state of the Model through Views and Controller classes.
internals denotes questions about how things work, as opposed to how to accomplish something specific
geckofx a Windows Forms control written in clean, commented C# that embeds the Mozilla Gecko browser control in any Windows Forms Application
denormalization the process of moving from higher to lower normal forms of database modeling in order to speed up database read performance or to maintain a history.
caesar-cipher A very simple cipher in which the letters of the alphabet are substituted by a different letter that have a fixed distance to the original letter.
finite-state-machine a mathematical abstraction used as a behaviour model composed of a finite number of states, their transitions and functions to design digital logic or computer programs.
semicolon often used to separate multiple statements
npoi .NET version of the Apache POI project
uianimation null
java-home an environment variable which should point to the root directory of the JDK installation.
dock a graphical user interface element that typically provides the user with a way of launching, switching between, and monitoring running programs or applications
sqlperformance pertains to performance issues with Structured Query Language : performance bottlenecks faced when managing data in relational database management systems
segment an ambiguous tag and one should refrain from using it
domxpath a class in PHP's DOM API to support XPATH 1.0
windows-phone-8-emulator Software for Windows that simulates a mobile device running the Windows Phone 8 platform
text-align a property of CSS which determines the alignment of the text
wp-query a class defined in `wp-includes/query.php` that deals with the intricacies of a posts request to a WordPress blog.
dataweave a powerful template engine that allows you to transform data to and from any kind of format .
coordinate-transformation Is the mathematical operation required to change from a coordinate system to another.
itk an open-source, cross-platform system that provides developers with an extensive suite of software tools for image analysis
android-pageradapter populate pages inside of a ViewPager.
hl7-fhir the global authority on standards for interoperability of health information technology
jprofiler a commercially licensed Java profiling tool developed by ej-technologies GMBH targeted at Java EE and Java SE applications.
methodology usually a guideline system for solving a problem, with specific components such as phases, tasks, methods, techniques and tools.
cloud-hosting hosting a service, commonly a website, on multiple distributed servers
laravel-query-builder The database query builder provides a convenient, fluent interface to creating and running database queries in Laravel apps
laravel-validation connected to data validation using Laravel validators
tabindex used to define a sequence that users follow when they use the Tab key to navigate through a page
sox a computer program for audio manipulation
udev Udev manages the Linux /dev directory, and hooks userspace into kernel device events.
user32 user32.dll implements the Windows USER component that creates and manipulates the standard elements of the Windows user interface, such as the desktop, windows, and menus.
ubercart Questions about the Ubercart module, a module for e-commerce used in Drupal 6 and 7.
user-registration null
starling-framework an ActionScript 3 library for hardware accelerated 2D graphics
quantile points taken at regular intervals from the cumulative distribution function of a random variable.
rgba RGBA stands for Red-Green-Blue-Alpha and specifies a color using four values which represent the amount of red, green, blue and alpha in the color.
mysql-real-escape-string A PHP function that escapes special characters in a string for use in an SQL statement.
jvectormap a jQuery plugin employed to show vector maps and visualize data on HTML pages.
hmvc The HMVC pattern decomposes the client tier into a hierarchy of parent-child MVC layers.
http-request a message within a request/response sequence, according to HTTP specification
google-checkout Online payment processing service provided by Google
freetype Open source font rendering library, written in C, which is able to open font files in OpenType and TrueType formats and render glyphs.
gaming Questions directly related to computer gaming and interactive graphics/video
cascadingdropdown In graphical user interfaces, a typical collection of 'drop-down lists' or 'combo-boxes' which are connected in a hierarchical fashion
pytz pytz brings the Olson tz database into Python
angularjs-ng-include Fetches, compiles and includes an external HTML fragment.
connections null
facebook-iframe null
sifr an open-source JavaScript and Flash technology which replaces HTML text elements with Flash equivalents.
sklearn-pandas Python module providing a bridge between Scikit-Learn’s Machine Learning methods and pandas-style DataFrames
fontfamily a CSS property that applies fonts and generic font families to a given or selected element.
firmware one of the most often used terms to denote the fixed programs and/or data structures that internally control an electronic device.
boost-serialization a cross-platform C++ serialization library.
microsoft-fakes an isolation framework for creating delegate-based test stubs and shims in .NET Framework applications.
eigenvector the non-zero vectors that, after being multiplied by the matrix, remain parallel to the original vector.
fallback a design pattern useful in situations, when certain advanced functionality may be used only if certain conditions are met
light Questions related to drawing or setting light on an object, for use in GUI, or programming questions on controlling light values within a program e.g
koala a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
rm a basic UNIX command used to remove files, directories, and other items from the filesystem.
skinning a custom graphical appearance preset package achieved by the use of a graphical user interface that can be applied to specific computer software, operating system, and we…
web-testing the name given to software testing that focuses on web applications
twitter-bootstrap-2 the second generation of the front-end framework allowing for speedier web development
svcutil.exe The ServiceModel Metadata Utility tool is used to generate service model code from metadata documents and metadata documents from service model code.
taskscheduler the common name for a set of tools and services that provide scheduled execution of scripts and executables on the Windows operating system
photoshop-script Photoshop script can automate a series of tasks or manipulate images from within Photoshop
django-nonrel an independent branch of Django that adds NoSQL database support to the ORM
mvc-mini-profiler A simple but effective mini-profiler for ASP.NET, WCF and the .NET platform
gcov a code coverage tool for GCC
build.xml An Apache Ant file providing the targets , tasks, source location, build properties, possible tasks and other information required to build the project.
game-loop The central component of any game, from a programming standpoint, is the game loop
bottomnavigationview Questions related to bottom navigation bar
error-code a value returned to provide context on why an error occurred
simulate For issues relating to simulating a system, action, function, or behavior.
struts2-jquery A Struts 2 plugin that provides Ajax UI widgets based on jQuery and jQuery UI.
contravariance Within the type system of a programming language, covariance and contravariance refers to the ordering of types from narrower to wider and their interchangeability or equivalence in certain situations…
geography the science that deals with the study of the Earth and its lands, features, inhabitants, and phenomena.
vs-extensibility the ability to develop extensions to Microsoft Visual Studio.
os.walk a Python function which serves to walk a directory tree.
uiviewanimationtransition Specifies a transition to apply to a `UIView` in an animation block.
tabview Any visual layout that incorporates selectable tabs as an organizational element.
rust-cargo the official package manager for the Rust programming language.
rxtx a Java library, using a native implementation , providing serial and parallel communication for the Java Development Toolkit .
digit Anything related to numerical digits, i.e
packets Packets refer to network packets
gedit a general purpose and powerful text editor for the GNOME desktop environment, Mac OS X, and Microsoft Windows.
spring-cloud-dataflow a toolkit for building data integration and real-time data processing pipelines
roxygen2 a Doxygen-like in-source documentation system for Rd, collation, and NAMESPACE
ratingbar an Android widget that shows a rating in stars.
reactive null
google-cloud-ml null
gnuradio a free software development toolkit that provides the signal processing runtime and processing blocks to implement software radios.
dimple.js an object-oriented API for business analytics powered by `d3`.
article a particular section or item of a series in a written document
weather-api An API dedicated to weather forecasts
file-management File Management relates to the efficient control over, usage of and access to files by users and computer operating systems
angular-forms Questions related to Angular template or reactive forms.
sencha-touch-2.1 a user interface JavaScript framework, specifically built for the Mobile Web.
fragmenttransaction an API for performing a set of Fragment operations.
dotnetnuke-module a web content management system based on Microsoft .NET
mobile-phones used to send and receive telephone calls and text messages
pdftk A simple, GPL-licensed command-line tool for manipulating PDF documents.
instant-messaging a form of communication over the Internet, that offers quick transmission of text-based messages from sender to receiver.
pymssql An interface for Python that provides a standard Python DB-API inferface to Microsoft SQL Server.
createfile The Windows CreateFile API function
quill a cross-browser rich text editor
buildpath refers to build path settings for a Java project in Eclipse IDE
google-plus-one Google +1 Button for Google social web users, publishers and e-commerce
imgur a free and popular image hosting service that does not require registration to use.
neo4j-ogm a fast object-graph mapping library for Neo4j, optimised for server-based installations and utilising Cypher via the transactional HTTP endpoint
jsqmessagesviewcontroller an elegant messages UI library for iOS
project-reactor a foundational library building for reactive fast data applications on the JVM
tabitem User Interface control in C# with WPF Framework that represents a selectable item inside a TabControl.
subversive The Subversive project aims to provide Subversion integration for Eclipse
twebbrowser a VCL component available in the Delphi Internet tool-palette
ringtone the sound made by a telephone to indicate an incoming call or text message
background-task null
amazon-data-pipeline Simple service to transfer data between Amazon data storage services, kick off Elastic MapReduce jobs, and connect with outside data services.
eve a Python REST API framework powered by Flask and MongoDB.
chain if referring to the invocation of multiple methods against a single object
shared-objects used to store persistent data on the client or server side.
embedded-database a database management system which is tightly integrated with an application software that requires access to stored data, such that the database system is “hidde…
filehelpers a .net utility library to help applications manage flat file input and output
su OFF-TOPIC
sliding null
brightness An attribute of visual perception in which a source appears to be radiating or reflecting light.
apache-spark-dataset a strongly typed collection of objects mapped to a relational schema
constraint-programming defined by a triplet <X,C,D>, where X is a set of variables, C is a set of constraints, and D a domain for X
mousehover triggered when the Mouse moves over a GUI component
scriptaculous a set of JavaScript libraries built on top of the Prototype framework
spring-rabbit Spring components for AMQP-based messaging with RabbitMQ.
key-value-coding a mechanism for accessing an object’s properties indirectly, using strings to identify properties, rather than through invocation of an accessor method or accessing them directly t…
catalog null
libavcodec a free software/open source LGPL-licensed library of codecs for encoding and decoding video and audio data.
libgit2sharp .NET and Mono open source bindings for libgit2, a native Git library
translate-animation To translate means to change the position of an object so that it gets moved from one place to another in the world
view-helpers null
actioncontroller the main controller class in Ruby on Rails.
crc32 an error-detecting code designed to detect accidental changes to raw computer data, and is commonly used in digital networks
colormap A colormap represents a transformation that maps pixel intensity values to colors
dpkg a tool to install, build, remove and manage Debian packages.
grape Grape lets you quickly add maven repository dependencies to your classpath OR Grape is a REST-like API micro-framework written in Ruby to sit on top of Rack.
gnome-terminal The default GNOME desktop terminal emulator, allowing users to execute commands using a real UNIX shell while remaining on their graphical desktop.
powershell-ise PowerShell-ISE refers to Microsoft Windows PowerShell's Integrated Scripting Environment.
tablemodel attached to Java Swing JTable, providing content to the table, and accepting the cell editing events from the table.
subscriptions null
fedex Describes how to use Web services to design and deploy applications enabled by FedEx.
angular-universal a server-side rendering module for Angular 2 applications.
jtds Open source JDBC driver for MS SQL Server and Sybase ASE
xcode7.3 the latest IDE by Apple for the development of iOS, watchOS, tvOS and OS X applications
angular4-forms Questions related to Angular 4 template or reactive forms.
msys a collection of GNU utilities such as bash, make, gawk and grep for Microsoft Windows, supporting UNIX shell scripting, and building of applications and programs which depend on the availabili…
proc-sql a SAS procedure used to submit SQL statements to the SAS compiler
duplicate-data null
mamp-pro MAMP Pro - a local Apache/MySQL development host
login-control For questions relating to a login control in a user interface .
thread-synchronization In a multi-threaded environment thread synchronization is used to coordinate access to shared resources such as file handles, network connections, and memory
jquery-ui-resizable The jQuery UI Resizable plugin makes selected elements resizable .
measurement null
aws-code-deploy a service that automates code deployments to Amazon EC2 instances.
shoutcast cross-platform proprietary software for streaming media over the Internet
shoulda Shoulda, developed by thoughtbot, provides constructs for organizing Test::Unit tests and matchers for testing Ruby on Rails applications that work with Test::Unit or RSpec.
classname Classname may refer to classes in scripting languages and markup languages
checkin null
maven-jetty-plugin a Maven plug-in which embeds the Jetty webserver within a Maven build
gurobi a commercial optimization solver for linear programming , quadratic programming , quadratically constrained programming , mixed integer linear programming , …
delphi-5 a specific version of Delphi
bucket one of several alternative data sinks when data needs to be distributed
.net-1.1 The 1.1 version of the .NET Framework
slurm an open-source resource manager designed for Linux clusters of all sizes.
web-inspector a built-in set of developer tools in WebKit based browsers.
page-break Page breaks indicate the position at which one page should end and another should begin
sapi Microsoft's Speech API which provides text-to-speech and speech recognition functionality to applications.
rijndael a block cipher that won the Advanced Encryption Standard competition
php-5.4 the successor to PHP 5.3
unsigned-integer A specific data type that uses all its bits to represent an integer value, consequently only 0 or positive.
azure-api-management a cloud hosted service that can add many capabilities to an existing HTTP API on any platform
net-http An HTTP client API for Ruby
www-mechanize a Perl module for programmatic web browsing, used for automating interaction with websites.
brunch a lightweight build system for web applications.
cassandra-2.1 a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache
excel-vba-mac VBA enables building user defined functions, automating processes and accessing Windows API and other low-level functionality through dynamic-link libraries
legacy-code Originally legacy code meant code 'inherited' from authors or from a previous program/system version
strcat A standard C function that appends a copy of the source string to the destination string.
symfony-3.2 the Symfony 3.2.x specific tag
jquery-easyui a collection of user-interface plugins based on jQuery.
idiomatic the usual way to code a task in a specific language
motion-detection Related to detection of motion related to programming issues, like computer vision, sensor control, etc.
price null
descriptor null
ndef The NFC Data Exchange Format specification is a common data format for NFC Forum Devices and NFC Forum Tags.
visual-c++-2010 The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
estimation should be applied to questions related to tips and techniques about software project estimations: development time, effort, team size, software size, execution time, run time resource usage
angular-google-maps a set of AngularJS directives written in CoffeeScript and Javascript which integrate Google Maps in an AngularJS applications.
folding a feature of some text editors and IDEs that allow some text to be temporarily hidden or in order to hide detail.
actionresult The value returned by the Struts 2 Action class method when it completes.
file-access Questions about programmatically accessing individual files
javascriptserializer Questions about System.Web.Script.Serialization.JavaScriptSerializer, a class which provides JSON serialization and deserialization functionality for applications and web sites targetting the .NET Fra…
associative used mostly regarding associative arrays and sometimes in the mathematic sense of tag , the associative property of binary …
custom-font null
errno an integer variable, which is set by system calls and some library functions in the event of an error to indicate what went wrong
nsmutableurlrequest a subclass of NSURLRequest provided to aid developers who may find it more convenient to mutate a single request object for a series of URL load requests instead of creating an …
glide Glide provides a simple way to develop apps based on Groovy, Gaelyk and the Google App Engine
convention a set of agreed, stipulated, or generally accepted norms
unique-key In database relational modeling and implementation, a unique key is a set of zero, one, or more attributes.
numerical-integration Algorithms that integrate functions over one or more dimensions using approximation techniques, instead of exact, closed-form solutions using symbolic algebra and calculus
uiscrollviewdelegate The methods declared by the UIScrollViewDelegate protocol allow the adopting delegate to respond to messages from the UIScrollView class and thus respond to, and in some affect, operations such as scr…
wave refers to the python module for the WAV sound format.
output-buffering Use output-buffering for questions related to the use of one or more buffers in order to optimize performance by batching write operations
setfocus For questions related to the SetFocus method, which moves the focus to the specified form or Window.
start-activity Launch a new Activity by using Intent in Android.
stateless Stateless apps don't expose any information about what has happened or changed since it started running
steganography the study of hidden information in pictures, text, audio or video
nested-sets a particular technique for representing nested sets in relational databases.
rhomobile With the RhoMobile Suite you can use your web skills to build cross-platform native mobile applications
spring-webflux Spring’s reactive stack web framework, new in 5.0, is fully reactive and non-blocking
domparser A DOMParser can parse XML or HTML source stored in a string into a DOM Document.
phpword a library written in pure PHP that provides methods to create/write word processor document formats .
skrollr a stand-alone parallax scrolling library for mobile and desktop.
gtk2 The GIMP ToolKit in its version 2.x.
python-2.5 For issues relating to development in Python, version 2.5.
pentaho-spoon the graphical transformation and job designer associated with the Pentaho Data Integration suite — also known as the Kettle project.
puppeteer A Node library for controlling the Chrome or Chromium browser.
msdtc an acronym for Microsoft Distributed Transaction Coordinator.
mnesia A distributed DataBase Management System used in Erlang applications.
nvarchar Variable-length character data type in Transact-SQL.
isapi The Internet Server Application Programming Interface is an N-tier API of Internet Information Services .
gluon Use for general questions related to Gluon that don't fit into more specific tags such as gluon-mobile or gluon-desktop, and also other tags like javafxports or scenebuilder.
hector The Hector java client project for Apache Cassandra has been marked at NO LONGER ACTIVE.
download-manager often used for handling long-running downloads, and might support pausing, interrupting and resuming.
border-layout a Java Swing/AWT layout manager that lays out a container, arranging and resizing its components to fit in five regions: north, south, east, west, and center.
faye an easy-to-use publish-subscribe messaging system based on the Bayeux protocol
qlineedit a component of the Qt library which is basically a text editor that has only one line, and which allows one to make inputting and editing of text
realm-mobile-platform null
windows-server-2016 null
line-endings Line-ending signifies end of line
country null
type-parameter a parameter whose value is a type.
calloc The calloc function performs dynamic memory allocation in C, and is part of the standard library.
imaplib Python module to provide an Internet Message Access Protocol client implementation
nonlinear-optimization sub-field of mathematical optimization that deals with problems that are not linear
microsoft-test-manager Microsoft Test Manager provides the functionality for planning, creating, and running test cases.
nls nls refers to nonlinear least-squares and is a function in R that allows to estimate the parameters of a nonlinear model.
clearinterval The Javascript clearInterval method clears a timer set with the setInterval method.
alt an HTML attribute for the 'img' element
gpl OFF TOPIC -- GPL questions should be asked on opensource.stackexchange.com - The GNU General Public License is a copyleft free software license and is the most …
beanstalkd a simple, fast work queue.
libjpeg a widely-used free software library written in C which implements JPEG decoding and encoding functions alongside various utilities for handling JPEG images
scala-2.8 Version 2.8 of the Scala language for the JVM
pika a pure-Python implementation of the AMQP 0-9-1 protocol that tries to stay fairly independent of the underlying network support library
space-complexity The space complexity of an algorithm quantifies the amount of memory taken by an algorithm to run as a function of the size of the input to the problem
statements the smallest standalone element of an imperative programming language
uielement a base class for most of the objects that have visual appearance and can process basic input as part of the user interface.
fragmentstatepageradapter Implementation of PagerAdapter class from the Android compatibility package that uses a Fragment to manage each page
android-input-method The InputMethod interface represents an input method which can generate key events and text, such as email addresses, other language characters, etc., while handling various input events, and send the…
anorm a simple data access layer included in the Play Framework
jrubyonrails a term to describe a Ruby On Rails application running on JRuby.
first-responder In Apple Cocoa programing, the first responder is the first object in a chain of NSResponder subclasses to be called upon receiving an even such as keypress, mouseclick, etc.
supertest a module that provides high-level abstraction for testing HTTP in node.js, using low-level API provided by super-agent.
avplayerviewcontroller null
postcss a tool for transforming styles with JS plugins
miglayout a free and open-source layout manager for Java Swing, SWT, JavaFX2, Fantom, Qt and other GUI toolkits.
findcontrol A method on the Control class in the .NET framework that finds a control from its id
interprocess A capability supported by some operating systems that allows one process to communicate with another process
gatt GATT: Generic Attribute Profile
tslint a static analysis linter for TypeScript.
android-graphview a library for Android to programmatically create flexible and nice-looking diagrams.
android-things an operating system for the Internet of Things based on the Android OS
kiosk For issues relating to designing and/or deploying software in kiosk environments.
multiplying one of the four elementary, mathematical operations of arithmetic; with the others being addition, subtraction and division.
vision Methods to acquire, analyze and understand images using mathematical approaches.
qpushbutton a Qt library class that represents ordinary push buttons, and gives the API to manipulate them.
require-once The PHP require_once function
serverside-javascript a set of techniques allowing to build JavaScript applications directly on the server.
projects null
tkinter-entry null
squeak a modern, open source implementation of the Smalltalk language, with a history of being very easy to port across platforms.
sitecore-mvc a model-view-controller pattern used in the Sitecore content management system
mule-el the primary language used for formulating such expressions throughout Mule ESB.
clean-urls purely structural URLs that do not contain a query string and instead contain only the path of the resource.
gsutil a command-line program that allows you to store, share and manage data hosted at cloud-based storage providers.
measure a certain entity
nsset NSSet declares the programmatic interface for static sets of distinct objects.Available in OS X v10.0 and later which is inherited from NSObject
integer-division Anything related to the integer division operation, i.e
rails-geocoder a complete geocoding solution for Ruby
urldecode urldecode reverses replacements by urlencode, which is used to prepare a string for use in a URL by replacing invalid characters such as /, +, ', % etc.
bad-request HTTP status code 400, implying the request was not understood by the server and should not be redone without modifications.
django-tables2 django-tables2 simplifies the task of turning sets of data into HTML tables.
completionhandler blocks of code provided to an asynchronous function, whereby the calling function can supply code to be performed by the asynchronous function upon completion of its asynchrono…
keyerror In languages such as Python and Ruby, a KeyError is a specific exception type that is raised when a key could not be found within a dictionary
nvm Node Version Manager - Simple bash script to manage multiple active node.js versions
internet-connection Anything related to the hardware, software tools and techniques needed to establish and manage an Internet connection.
jsni a means to include raw JavaScript code in a GWT application written in Java
flume-ng a distributed, reliable, and available service for efficiently collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log data
django-1.8 the version of the Django framework, released April 2015
ddos
chrome-web-store an app store where developers can publish apps and games where Google Chrome users can easily find them
diagonal Diagonal means either a diagonal matrix in which the entries outside the main diagonal are all zero
packer a tool for creating identical machine images for multiple platforms from a single source configuration.
alembic a lightweight database migration tool for usage with the SQLAlchemy Database Toolkit for Python.
google-vr Google VR includes two virtual reality platforms: Cardboard, the world's most popular and accessible mobile VR platform, and Daydream, a new platform for low-latency, immersive, and interactive m…
fat-free-framework a powerful yet easy-to-use PHP micro-framework designed to help you build dynamic and robust Web applications - fast!
wchar-t a fundamental data type in the C and C++ programming languages, and it stands for .
visual-studio-mac an IDE from Microsoft for Mac users
scalar In computing and programming, a scalar variable or value refers to a single value, as opposed to data structures such as arrays or lists.
derived null
scraper under an active burnination process: http://meta.stackoverflow.com/q/305314
dispatch-async null
background-service a computer service that runs and without user intervention.
onfocus an event in HTML and JavaScript that triggers when the referenced object gains focus
qnx QNX mainly known as a Real-Time Operating System that is both full-featured and robust, but can also scale down to meet the constrained resource requirements of realtime embedded systems
rate A measure, quantity, or frequency, typically one measured against some other quantity or measure.
running-total null
octopress a framework designed by Brandon Mathis for Jekyll, the blog aware static site generator powering Github Pages
pdb-files Microsoft's format for debugging symbols, stored in files with a `.pdb` extension.
msvcrt the Microsoft Visual C++ Runtime.
datetimeoffset a data structure that encapsulates a DateTime value and the Offset from UTC that the value reflects
java-api Java api provides way of using java sdk tools to build java applications.
short-circuiting A feature of some languages to skip certain code at runtime that doesn't affect the outcome, especially when testing compound conditions
xlwings a module to allow Excel to be automated with Python instead of VBA.
hotmail a free web-based email service operated by Microsoft as part of Windows Live.
cortex-m3 For questions specifically for the Cortex-M3
allure a flexible, lightweight multi-language test report tool, with the possibility of adding to the report of additional information such as screenshots, logs and so on.
post-increment For issues relating to defining or performing post increment operations.
celery-task a building block of Celery distributed task queue system
circular A logical fallacy in which the developer begins with what he is trying to end up with, like class A extends B, class B extends A.
poker Questions relating to development on the subject of all variants of poker.
dspace an open source software package that can be used to manage an organization's digital content.
heapsort an efficient comparison-based sorting algorithm that divides an input into a sorted and an unsorted part and iteratively shrinks the unsorted part by extracting the largest element and mov…
google-polyline Google Polyline class in Google Map v3
jenkins-cli Jenkins has a built-in command line client that allows you to access Jenkins from a script or from your shell
nsubstitute a .NET mocking framework
mvc-editor-templates ASP.NET-MVC EditorTemplates
game-maker a Windows and Mac OS IDE which allows users to easily develop computer games without the requirement of prior computer programming experience.
pure-virtual A virtual function that must be implemented by every non-abstract derived class
markov-chains systems which transition from one state to another based only upon their current state
strict Mode used in languages such as Javascript and Perl to be able to code with a restricted version of those languages.
mailchimp-api-v3.0 the third major version of MailChimp API, which allows you to sync your database with MailChimp for better list and campaign management
autologin when application launches, if user has logged in before with the app, he/she will not be prompted to input username and password again but will be directly logged in
easyphp an integrated installer for an Apache, PHP, MySQL stack on Windows
qtcore Questions related to the QtCore module that provides core non-graphical classes used by other modules.
fsockopen open sockets connections.
static-code-analysis the analysis of computer software that is performed without actually executing it.
web-development-server for questions related to a Web-development Server, i.e
sqldataadapter Represents a set of data commands and a database connection that are used to fill the DataSet and update a SQL Server database.
steam-web-api a set of data services for obtaining information related to Valve Software's Steam platform.
ternary The base-3 positional numeral system which represents numbers using the digits 0, 1, and 2
rselenium to make it easy to connect to a Selenium Server/ Remote Selenium Server from within R
raw-sockets An internet socket that allows direct sending and receiving of raw network packets that contain all headers
tee both a Linux syscall and a user program that duplicates the contents of a pipe
javadb Sun's supported distribution of the open source Apache Derby 100% Java technology database
os.system a python standard library function
oscommerce Open source e-commerce application based on PHP & MySQL
mathml An application of XML for describing mathematical notation and mathematical content
restfb a simple and flexible Facebook Graph API client written in Java
testunit a unit testing library in Ruby
gameobject a key component of the Unity3D engine
dgrid a component for creating lists and grids based on the Dojo Toolkit
ampersand a logogram representing the conjunction word .
except Used for the MS .NET LINQ Except method and the Python except keyword for exception handling
monit a free open source utility for managing and monitoring, processes, files, directories and filesystems on a UNIX system
grocery-crud an open-source CRUD implementation for the CodeIgniter PHP framework.
fabric-twitter Questions about installing and using Fabric, Twitter's mobile SDK suite for iOS and Android
eclipse-neon the code name for Eclipse 4.6 released on 22 June 2016
hololens Applicable for all questions related to development for Microsoft HoloLens devices and the Mixed Reality platform.
java-websocket for questions related to Java based server side implementation of WebSocket.
listeners An object that reacts to an event that it is 'listening' for.
love2d a framework for scripting 2D games in Lua
downcasting Downcasting permits an object of a superclass type to be treated as an object of any subclass type.
type-systems Type systems impose constraints on what programs may be written, by providing a syntactic method for operating with those constraints.
bootbox a small JavaScript library which allows you to create programmatic dialog boxes using Bootstrap modals.
gwtp a framework to facilitate the development of large applications for the Google Web Toolkit .
ojdbc the Oracle JDBC driver.
asp.net-routing ASP.NET routing enables you to use URLs that do not have to map to specific files in a Web site in both ASP.NET MVC and ASP.NET Webforms.
dataimporthandler a Solr contrib that provides a configuration driven way to import data into Solr, supporting both full and incremental import.
rrdtool RRDtool aims to handle time-series data like network bandwidth, temperatures, CPU load etc.
spark-graphx a component in Apache Spark for graphs and graph-parallel computation
webvr an experimental JavaScript API that provides support for virtual reality devices, such as the HTC Vive, Oculus Rift or Google Cardboard, in a web browser.
sdn Software-defined networking
data-processing Data Processing concerns the converting of raw data to machine-readable form and its subsequent processing by a computer.
clisp an UNIX/Windows implementation of ANSI Common Lisp with many extensions.
autodesk an American multinational corporation that focuses on 3D design software for use in the architecture, engineering, construction, manufacturing, media and entertainment industries.
navigationview Provides navigation drawer access
consistency In database systems, a consistent transaction is one that does not violate any integrity constraints during its execution
anti-patterns An anti-pattern mimics in that it appears to be a solution to a problem, but in fact has negative effects.
typeface the visual representation or interpretation of a set of characters; it is their appearance.
fastreport a reporting engine which provides all the tools necessary for developing reports, including a visual report designer, a reporting core, previewer, dialog designer and macro interpreter.
p2 the platform provisioning system used by the eclipse IDE and the eclipse RCP framework
altera wholly owned subsidiary of Intel, is a major brand of Field Programmable Gate Arrays .
gephi An interactive visualization and exploration platform for all kinds of networks and complex systems, dynamic and hierarchical graphs.
postgresql-8.4 for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 8.4.
bidirectional .
windows-media-player a media player and media library application developed by Microsoft that is used for playing audio, video and viewing images on personal computers running the…
jboss-weld the reference implementation for JSR-299: Java Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform
mouseout an event that occurs on an element when the user removes the cursor from that element
desire2learn Desire2Learn provides eLearning solutions on a variety of platforms
ogre OGRE is a scene-oriented, flexible 3D engine written in C++ designed to make it easier and more intuitive for developers to produce applications utilizing h…
xcode-instruments a performance, analysis, and testing tool for dynamically tracing and profiling OS X and iOS code.
window-managers a service on most modern OSes which provides the UI for manipulating the location and sizes of windows.
visitor a way of separating an algorithm from an object structure on which it operates
stripe-connect Connect makes it easy for you to interact with other Stripe accounts
svg-filters a set of image processing primitives that can be combined together to create sophisticated visual effects.
entity-framework-4.3 Questions specific to version 4.3 of the ADO.NET Entity Framework, a feature of the .NET Framework 3.5 SP1 and higher.
saucelabs a cloud service providing web browsers and mobile devices for both manual and automated testing.
service-layer A Service Layer represents one application boundary and consists of a set of available operations from the perspective of interfacing client layers
google-webfonts to create a directory of core web fonts for the world and to provide an API service so that anyone can bring quality typography to their webpages.
azure-servicebus-queues Windows Azure Service Bus Queue, questions regarding relay, topics and queues
completable-future In Java 8, a Future that may be explicitly completed , and may include dependent functions and actions that trigger upon its completion.
rollup useful in generating reports that contain subtotals and totals
oracle11gr2 the second and terminal release of the Oracle 11g database.
finalizer a special method in an object-oriented language that is executed when an object is garbage collected.
flowchart a type of diagram that represents an algorithm or process, showing the steps as boxes of various kinds, and their order by connecting these with arrows
function-calls the act of using a function or a method.
dialogfragment An Android Fragment that displays a dialog window, floating on top of its activity's window.
ordereddictionary A collection of key-value pairs also accessible by insertion-order.
instructions Questions about instructions of real CPUs, VMs or compiler IRs.
any for questions that deal with testing elements in a collection to see if at least one of them passes a condition.
magmi an open source project to improve on the infamously poor speeds of Magento's default import tools.
mpeg-dash MPEG-DASH
ssis-2008 Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
flex4.6 for issues in version 4.6 of the Flex SDK
skydrive for new questions) OneDrive is a file hosting service that allows users to upload and sync files to a cloud storage and then access them from …
touch-id Apple's technology for fingerprint scanning introduced with the iPhone 5s
docstring a string that occurs as the first statement in a module, function, class, or method definition, and is used to document the object in which it occurs.
sti Single Table Inheritance - a mechanism to add the principle of object-oriented inheritance onto relational database models by having child classes map onto the same table as their ancestors.
ui-select AngularJS-native version of Select2 and Selectize
qmainwindow a class in Qt library that implements the main window of an application.
qtreewidget a class in Qt that provides a tree-like view of data.
percentile the value of a variable below which a certain percent of observations fall.
xbap Windows Presentation Foundation applications that run in a sandboxed environment in a user's browser
gregorian-calendar the de facto international civil calendar.
mininet a network emulator.
strace a Linux/UNIX tool for logging and analysing the system calls made by a user-side process.
wpdb WordPress provides a global variable, $wpdb, which can be used to read data from any table in the WordPress database
buildout a Python-based build system for creating, assembling and deploying applications from multiple parts, some of which may be non-Python-based
autostart A mechanism to start automatically a script or program as soon as the operating system or execution environment that executes it is ready.
crosswalk an HTML application runtime, built on open source foundations, which extends the web platform with new capabilities.
divide-by-zero the division by any value that is exactly equal to 0 -- a computation with an undefined result.
blockingqueue A queue data structure that that waits for the queue to become non-empty when retrieving an element and for space to become available in the queue when storing an element…
point-of-sale the place where a retail transaction is completed
googlemock Designed with C++'s specifics in mind, Google C++ Mocking Framework is a library for writing and using C++ mock classes.
nslocalizedstring a function defined in the Foundation Framework
nsviewcontroller An Objective-C object that manages a view, typically loaded from a nib file.
melt In R, the packages converts data into a long form
activeresource the main class for mapping RESTful resources as models in a Rails application
file-read null
tv Questions directly relating to the development of TV apps, TV web apps, second screen experiences, etc.
audiorecord AudioRecord class in standard Android API for recording raw Audio.
logical has no apparent purpose beyond those of the entire site
subdirectories A subdirectory refers to a directory contained inside another directory .
applicative functors such that two functorial values can be combined into one, whilst the two values inside are combined via a functional application
dbix-class a Perl object-relational mapping module
mockery a PHP library used to create Mocks of Objects for testing purpose.
nested-resources a web resource composing another
workflow-activity should be applied to questions relating to Microsoft Workflow Foundation and usage of workflow Activity items in Visual Studio workflow projects, SharePoint workflows, o…
nightmare a node module which implements a high-level bridge between node.js and the headless PhantomJS browser
qlistwidget a Qt class that provides an item-based list widget
redundancy the duplication of critical components or functions of a system with the intention of increasing reliability of the system, usually in the case of a backup or fail-safe.
qlabel The QLabel widget, part of the Qt framework, provides a text or image display.
sap-fiori the new user experience for SAP software
sanitize Whitelist-based Ruby HTML and CSS sanitizer.
prime-factoring The decomposition of composite numbers into a unique list of prime numbers that, when multiplied together, equal that number.
autodesk-viewer The Autodesk Viewer enables your customers to visualize and interact with 2D and 3D design data in a web browser or on a mobile device, anytime, anywhere
yelp RESTful web services for getting business information.
pkcs#7 Cryptographic Message Syntax Standard
aapt the resource compiler for Android apps.
libav the collective name of the FFmpeg libraries: libavcodec, libavformat, libavfilter, libavutil, etc
vspackage software modules that extend the Visual Studio IDE by providing UI elements, services, projects, editors, and designers.
corrupt Data structures or files may become damaged or corrupt.
iphone-6 the first Apple iPhone that offers NFC, and comes with modern larger screen sizes than previous iPhones.
pymc3 a python module that implements Bayesian statistical models and fitting algorithms, including Markov chain Monte Carlo
zos a 64-bit operating system that runs on IBM's traditional mainframe hardware, also known as System z.
diagnostics null
alpha-transparency The alpha transparency of an image defines how transparent the pixels of this image are
poisson a statistical discrete distribution for describing events occurring at random intervals
google-closure-library a JavaScript framework used by Google and one of three components to Closure Tools, an open source toolset to aid with developing front-end web applications
image-zoom Increase or decrease the magnification of an image by means of a software application.
event-tracking used to collect data about interactions with your content.
multiplatform Software and methods said to be platform independent.
libvirt an open source API, daemon and management tool for managing platform virtualization
email-headers the headers at the beginning of an e-mail that define various properties of the e-mail.
custom-element a feature of HTML that provide a way for you to build your own fully-featured DOM elements and use them in your HTML markup, CSS stylesheets, and JavaScript code
coordinate Refers to mathematical tasks involving geometric coordinates
quoting The use of quotation marks to mark tokens as string literals or strings subject to interpolation, or to treat multiple whitespace-separated tokens as a single unit.
thinktecture-ident-server an open source security token service based on Microsoft technologies designed around Claims Based Authentication and Windows Identity Foundation.
iphone-developer-program The iOS developer program is the mandatory route to deploy iOS applications
pfx a file format containing public key together with the private key for encryption and chain of trust certificates attached to the public key if such a chain exists
bower-install a package manager for the web.
android-studio-2.0 the official IDE for Android application development
distinct-values for questions related to Distinct Values, i.e
qnetworkaccessmanager The QNetworkAccessManager class allows the application to send network requests and receive replies
ucanaccess a pure Java JDBC driver that allows us to read from and write to Microsoft Access databases without using ODBC.
udid Unique Device ID
tflearn when the question is specific to the Deep Learning Library TFLearn
quantitative-finance the discipline of using mathematical models in order to help make investment decisions.
proxy-classes a class functioning as an interface to another class or a service
xalan an open source XSLT 1.0 processor with implementations in Java and C++.
programmatically-created Any object in an application created using a computer program rather than created manually using something in the userspace.
iokit a framework for driver development in the xnu Kernel which drives Apple's Mac OSX and iOS operating systems.
ftps An extension to the commonly used File Transfer Protocol that adds support for the Transport Layer Security and the Secure Sockets Layer cryptographic protocols.
cocos2d-js a package that includes the JavaScript Bindings needed for compiling code to native apps.
zapier a tool that allows you to connect apps you use every day to automate tasks and save time.
service-locator a design pattern used in software development to encapsulate the processes involved in obtaining a service with a strong abstraction layer
owncloud an open-source software suite that provides a location-independent storage area for data .
allegro a game programming library for C/C++ developers distributed freely, supporting the following platforms: Unix , Windows, OS X, iOS, and Android.
mod-perl an Apache web server module
icarousel a class designed to simplify the implementation of various types of carousel on iPhone, iPad and Mac OS
icecast a streaming media project, released as free software, maintained by the Xiph.org Foundation
git-config This command allows get and set repository or global options.
financial Anything related to financial calculations and processing of financial data
cgo Cgo enables the creation of Go packages that call C code.
dendrogram a graph used to represent relationships in hierarchical clustering.
cakephp-2.4 relates to the 2.4.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
redmine-plugins a flexible project management web application written using Ruby on Rails framework.
appmaker should be used for questions about Google App Maker
maven-archetype Pre-built patterns of maven project that help you to set up a project better and faster
oledbcommand Represents an SQL statement or stored procedure to execute against a data source using OLE DB provider.
titanium-modules Custom Add-on / Plugins for the Titanium Platform written in Obj-C , Java or Javascript
biometrics a set of methods related to unique identification of people based on physiological or behavioural traits
mpeg MPEG - Class of Compression standards and related algorithms, tools and systems
angular-datatables a wrapper for jQuery dataTables
oculus Questions about development for the Oculus Rift, a head-mounted virtual reality display.
python-docx A python library to create, read and write Microsoft Office Word 2007 docx files.
sitecore7.2 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
twitter-streaming-api The set of streaming APIs offered by Twitter give developers low latency access to Twitter's global stream of Tweet data.
xmlstarlet a set of command line utilities which can be used to transform, query, validate, and edit XML documents and files using simple set of shell commands in similar way it is done for…
cloudera-manager Cloudera's end-to-end administration tool for Apache Hadoop, its ecosystem components, and related applications from Cloudera
limits For questions about the limits of a certain feature of a programming language
sql-server-2008-express a free edition of SQL Server that is an ideal data platform for learning and building desktop and small server applications, and for redistribution by ISVs.
autoloader a feature to allow classes and functions from different files to be included automatically when they are first called
slash Please do not use this tag
defaultdict a subclass of the python built-in dict class that greatly simplifies the creation of dictionaries of python objects.
jquery-validation-engine a Javascript plugin aimed at the validation of form fields in the browser .
dcom a protocol that enables software components to communicate with one another over a network.
decoder to decode an encoded signal or stream.
dojox.grid.datagrid familiar in the client/server development world
codepages another term for character encoding
aiohttp python http client/server for asyncio
apache-commons-dbcp Apache-commons-dbcp provides an efficient implementation of the Database Connection Pool under the Apache license.
audiotrack AudioTrack class in standard Android API for playing back raw Audio.
16-bit Referring to computer architecture with addresses and other data units 16 bits wide.
building the process by which source code is converted into executable object code.
biztalk-2013 is the 8th version of a server product for Business process integration platform that supports building XML schema, schema transformation, establishing trading partner…
gmt a term originally referring to mean solar time at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich, London.
mvcsitemapprovider a tool that provides flexible menus, breadcrumb trails, and SEO features for the ASP.NET MVC framework, similar to the ASP.NET SiteMapProvider model
nstimeinterval an Objective-C Foundation Data Type that specifies a time interval
tabwidget Displays a list of tab labels representing each page in the parent's tab collection.
livecycle a SOA solution from Adobe Systems, mainly used for business process management
repo a repository management tool that Android built on top of Git
pan refers to the rotation in a horizontal plane of an object or viewport.
android-textinputlayout Layout which wraps an EditText to show a floating label when the hint is hidden due to the user inputting text.
aws-iot Amazon's implementation of an IoT gateway.
spf a system designed to prevent email spoofing/forgery
autoencoder An autoencoder, autoassociator or Diabolo network is an artificial neural network used for learning efficient codings.
nscollectionview a NSView subclass which provides basic functionality for displaying, arranging, grouping and manipulating graphical representations of collections of objects.
presentation groups questions regarding general aspects of presenting data to the user.
easing a set of algorithms for graceful motion over time with acceleration and deceleration.
intersystems-cache a multi-model DBMS and application server developed by InterSystems.
has-one null
unbind Remove a previously-attached binding to an event handler, communication channel or other system object.
psychopy an open-source python module written in python and c libraries for the generation of experiments for neuroscience and experimental psychology
particles Particle in computer graphics usually refers to the small, simple images or 3D models that are governed by and make up a particle system, usually used to depict a fuzzy object
paraview an open-source, multi-platform data analysis and visualization application.
qpixmap The QPixmap class, part of the Qt framework, is an off-screen image representation that can be used as a paint device.
service-discovery Network protocols which allow automatic detection of devices and services offered by these devices on a computer network.
rpm-spec The rpm spec file contains the information required by RPM to build a package.
reduction null
php-7.1 for version-specific issues relating specifically to PHP 7.1.
strsplit an R function to split the elements of a character vector.
zend-form-element Zend Framework provides the form class in library to create the form
background-position CSS property that sets the initial position, relative to the background position layer defined by background-origin for each defined background image
tinkerpop a graph computing framework for both graph databases and graph analytic systems .
pyyaml a YAML 1.1 parser and emitter for Python
ttl a mechanism that limits the lifespan or lifetime of data in a computer or network
nsrunloop a class in Apple's Foundation framework
groupbox a container that displays a frame around a group of controls with an optional header.
d2 the successor of the initial version of the D programmming language developed by Walter Bright and since 2006, Andrei Alexandrescu.
message-passing a data transfer mechanism that is used in various forms in a number of programming languages
alpine a security-oriented, lightweight Linux distribution based on musl libc and busybox.
elasticsearch-2.0 Elastic's Elasticsearch product that reached version 2
android-database General programmatic usage of databases on Android
ddd-repositories a mechanism for encapsulating storage, retrieval, and search behavior which emulates a collection of objects.
calculus the study of change of one or more variables with respect to another variable
charles an HTTP proxy / HTTP monitor / Reverse Proxy that enables a developer to view all of the HTTP and SSL / HTTPS traffic between their machine and the Internet
information-schema a set of views providing metadata for objects in relational databases: tables, views, columns, stored procedures, accounts etc.
nsdocumentdirectory An iOS application concept to let applications access the file system from their sandboxed environment
lookahead a zero-length assertion used in combinatorial searches and parsing.
jslider a Java Swing component that lets the user graphically select a value by sliding a knob within a bounded interval.
zipcode a system of postal codes used by the United States Postal Service since 1963.
tfvc the centralized version control system option in Microsoft Visual Studio Team Services and Team Foundation Server .
rails-models a component of the Rails framework that holds the state of an object and is responsible for enforcing business rules and persisting the object.
geofire a library for storing and querying geographic locations and receiving realtime updates when location data changes.
3dtouch when developing apps that use the 3D Touch sensitivity feature on newer Apple Devices .
3-tier For issues relating to setting up and utilizing a 3-tier architecture.
sonatype Sonatype - the company running the Central Repository that coined the Component Lifecycle Management
preg-replace-callback a PHP function that uses regular expressions to find substrings and a PHP callback function to perform the replacement.
convex-hull Convex-hull of a set of points X in a Euclidean space is the convex set with smallest area that contains all points of X.
susy-compass Responsive & semantic layout tools for Sass.
piping appropriate for questions related to taking output from one operation and using it as input to a subsequent operation.
stdthread a C++11 standard library type which runs a function a new thread
sabre a technology solutions provider to the global travel and tourism industry
apache-spark-2.0 Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 2.0
imshow a function from pyplot library that displays an image on the axes.
hottowel a Visual Studio Template for creating a Single Page Application .
beanstalk a part of Amazon Web Services and allows developers to upload an application and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment details of capacity provisioni…
geotools an open source Java library that provides tools for geospatial data
where-in An SQL-standard condition of the form WHERE SOME_COLUMN IN or using a subquery to create the list, eg WHERE SOME_COLUMN IN
cmdlets lightweight, task-oriented commands in the Windows PowerShell environment
brush null
blueprint-osgi a specification introducing dependency injection to OSGi and providing a simple mechanism for OSGi bundles to use and provide services.
bigint Arbitrary-precision arithmetic indicates that calculations are performed on numbers which digits of pre…
django-database django-database refers to database backends that Django supports out of the box
custom-lists null
kendo-scheduler A widget from Kendo-UI that can display displays a set of events—appointments or tasks
joystick For questions about joysticks.
openscenegraph an OpenGL renderer and scene management API/toolkit.
boost-bind a generalization of the standard C++ functions std::bind1st and std::bind2nd
paper-elements a set of HTML GUI widgets implemented as Polymer elements
vue-resource null
week-number Based on Gregorain calendar, every week of a year has a number from 1 to 52, 53 or 54
pre-commit-hook In the context of Software Configuration Management , a pre-commit hook is a command run just before a commit is performed.
rackspace-cloud a set of cloud computing products and services billed on a utility computing basis from the US-based company Rackspace
rpgle a high-level programming language for business applications for programs running in the Integrated Language Environment
prerender The Prerender.io middleware that you install on your server will check each request to see if it's a request from a crawler.
graph-visualization concerned with the rendering of mathematical graphs on a screen, either theoretically or using an existing software package
datomic a database of flexible, time-based facts, supporting queries and joins, with elastic scalability, and ACID transactions.
savechanges DbContext.SaveChanges method in an Entity Framework method that saves all changes made in a context to the underlying database.
normals In geometry, an object such as a line or vector is called a normal to another object if they are orthogonal to each other.
mkoverlay part of Apple's Map Kit framework for developing iOS applications
mplab IDE for the Microchip PIC series of microcontrollers.
ibm-rad IBM Rational Application Developer for WebSphere Software is an Eclipse-based IDE, made by IBM's Rational Software division, for visually designing, constructing, testing, and deploying Web serv…
anagram A word, phrase, or name formed by rearranging the letters of another, such as cinema, formed from iceman.
complextype null
django-socialauth the new port from django-social-auth to a more general solution for social authentication/authorization.
change-password refers to the process of setting a new password on a system, thereby making the old password obsolete and no longer usable.
htmlpurifier HTML filtering library for PHP
gemfire a distributed in-memory database developed in Java that provides real-time data management for applications, consistent transactional storage across nodes, and resilient clustering.
google-code Google's site for developer tools, APIs and technical resources.
news-feed null
liferay-theme hot-deployable plugins that help in customizing the layout and overall look & feel of portal pages
vsx the ability to develop extensions to the Visual Studio IDE from Microsoft
xssf XSSF provides Java APIs to read / write Microsoft Excel 2007 files
ssi a simple interpreted server-side scripting language used almost exclusively for the Web
sonarlint an extension to your favorite IDE that provides on-the-fly feedback to developers on new bugs and quality issues injected into their code.
mdf the starting point of a SQL Server database
inputbox specifies an input field where the user can enter data
windows-firewall Questions referring to the firewall that comes built-in with windows
ng-view an angular.js directive that complements the $route service by including the rendered template of the current route into the main layout file.
osx-leopard the code name of Mac OS X version 10.5, the Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers.
esxi a bare metal embedded hypervisors that allow guest virtual servers to run directly on host server hardware without requiring an additional underlying operating system.
turbo-c++ a discontinued C++ compiler and integrated development environment and computer language originally from Borland.
mirroring null
smart-table An easy to use Table / Grid module built in AngularJS.
try-catch-finally A common usage of catch and finally together is to obtain and use resources in a try block, deal with exceptional circumstances in a catch block, and release the resources in the finally block.
tidesdk an open source software development kit for creating multi-platform desktop apps using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and other common scripting languages.
portaudio For questions related to the PortAudio cross-platform audio I/O library.
pci are only for questions related to the PCI Local Bus standard which is a computer bus for attaching hardware devices in a computer.
autoboxing the process of using an object to wrap a primitive value so that it can be used as a reference object; extracting a previously-boxed primitive is called unboxing
etw a high-speed tracing facility provided by the Windows Operating System which was first introduced in Windows 2000.
defaulttablemodel An implementation of the TableModel interface
parallels Parallels Desktop for Mac by Parallels, Inc., is software providing hardware virtualization for Macintosh computers with Intel processors.
8051 a Harvard architecture, single chip microcontroller which was developed by Intel in 1980 for use in embedded systems
xquery-sql the XQuery language as supported by database systems
sqlite-net an open source, minimal library to allow .NET and Mono applications to store data in SQLite 3 databases.
days a unit of time which is equal to an interval of 24 hours
json4s A single AST to be used by other scala json libraries
minidom a Python DOM implementation, part of the standard library
intercept A programming interface for intercepting input device communication.
cad the use of computer technology for the process of design and design-documentation.
boolean-operations the algebra of truth values 0 and 1
destructuring .
meta-boxes null
owl-api a Java API and reference implementation for creating, manipulating and serializing OWL ontologies.
http-status-code-405 : generally returned if a client attempts to use an incorrect method for a request to a particular URL.
filechooser A GUI component that allows to navigate over the file system, selecting files and folders of interest.
exist-db an open source database management system built using XML technology
memset a C++ function that sets the first N bytes of the block of memory to the specified value
monetdb an open-source implementation of a column-oriented database
ws-federation an Identity Federation specification, which provides mechanisms for allowing differential security realms.
woocommerce-rest-api fully integrated with the WordPress REST API since WC version 2.6+, allows WC data to be created, read, updated, and deleted using requests in JSON format and using **WordPress…
watchdog Watchdog and watchdog timers.
tablecelleditor null
roboguice Roboguice brings the power and testability of using the Google Guice dependency injection framework to Android application development.
reference-counting a mechanism whereby a computer language keeps track of when you create and then no longer need an object or data structure, in order to free unneeded memory
file-copying The filesystem operation whereby the contents of a disk file are duplicated exactly and stored in a different location
approximation algorithms used to find approximate solutions to optimization problems.
matrix-inverse a mathematical relationship such that given a square n x n matrix A, A*A^{-1} = A^{-1}*A = I, where I is the identity matrix
url-mapping the mechanism by which the framework interprets URLs.
depth-buffer the management of image depth coordinates in three-dimensional graphics.
uidocumentinteraction A document interaction controller, along with a delegate object, provides in-app support for managing user interactions with files in the local system
spl a collection of PHP interfaces and classes that are meant to solve standard problems.
flood-fill an algorithm to determine node adjacency in graphics or multidimensional data sets.
html5boilerplate A professional HTML5/CSS/JS front-end template that helps you build fast, robust, adaptable, and future-proof websites.
build-error An error that occurs during the build process.
bounce The action of sending something back in the direction it originated.
.net-4.6 the latest framework release from Microsoft
monomac an open source library for building Cocoa applications on Mac OS X using Mono.
nerdtree a plugin for the vim text editor
sieve-of-eratosthenes a simple, ancient algorithm for finding all prime numbers up to a specified integer.
scribe a simple OAuth library for Java
hsv cylindrical color space that determines colors by hue , saturation and value .
pyopenssl a Python interface to the OpenSSL library.
stroke null
subtract a mathematical operation that represents the operation of removing objects from a collection
trading The act of buying and selling financial instruments, such as money markets spot instruments, stocks, bonds, commodities, virtual currencies, indices, futures, options, CFD-s and other derivatives, per…
team-build a server-side component of the Microsoft Visual Studio Application Lifecycle Management suite, used for automated project builds.
ocx an an ActiveX Control derived from the OLE paradigm
azure-webjobssdk a framework that simplifies the task of adding background processing to Windows Azure Web Sites.
reinterpret-cast A C++ operator that simply allows the conversion between types by reinterpreting the underlying bit pattern
rgl a 3D visualization device system for R, using OpenGL as the rendering backend.
voronoi a subdivision of space.
web-standards Technologies for creating and interpreting web-based content which are carefully designed to deliver the greatest benefits to the greatest number of web users while ensuring the long-term viability of…
svg-animate an animation tag < animate >, which is used to animate a single attribute or property over time.
pbs PBS stands for portable batch system, and describes a family of software products for high performance computing.
pam Pluggable authentication modules, a flexible framework for configuring authentication, most commonly the login component of Linux systems, but used in other components and operating systems.
opcode The binary number that represents a machine instruction for a specific processor type.
python-3.2 specific to Python 3.2
qdialog a class from the Qt Toolkit which is the base class for dialog windows.
visualstatemanager Manages visual states and the logic for transitions between visual states for controls
mpmusicplayercontroller Use an MPMusicPlayerController object, or music player, to play media items from the device iPod library.
multidex an Android technology that splits the classes of an Application into multiple dex files
html2pdf a HTML to PDF converter written in PHP4 , and PHP5
f#-interactive the REPL for the F# programming language.
pod DO NOT USE THIS TAG!
csr In Public Key Infrastructure cryptography a CSR is a Certificate Signing Request
astronomy the study of celestial objects, such as planets, stars, and galaxies
androidplot An Android API for creating dynamic and static charts.
fltk a cross-platform C++ GUI toolkit for UNIX/Linux , Microsoft Windows, and Mac OS X.
monolog a logging library for PHP 5.3 used by Symfony2
dwr a Java library that enables Java on the server and JavaScript in a browser to interact and call each other as simply as possible.
cognos-10 an IBM subsidiary which provides a range of business intelligence and performance management products.
catel an application development platform for .NET with the focus on MVVM.
rscript a binary front-end to R, for use in scripting applications.
uiaccessibility an informal protocol in UIKit that provides accessibility information about user interface elements
netbeans-plugins Tag to group questions regarding third party netbeans plugins.
netflix refers to questions related to Netflix API and its use
prototype-programming a type of object-oriented programming that eschews the use of classes
persian is for issues relating to Persian language.
permgen In the Java Virtual Machine, the permanent generation is used for class definitions and associated metadata.
psd the default file extension of the proprietary file format of Adobe System's Photoshop program.
android-search a core user feature on Android
transient generally in ORM and OOP , a transient object is an object that has not been saved to DB yet
integrate as it is vague
artifacts mostly used in terms of computer graphics artifacts are unwanted bugs in rendered output
strict-aliasing an assumption, made by the C or C++ compiler, that de-referencing pointers to objects of different types will never refer to the same memory location
isomorphic-javascript Isomorphic web sites can be run on both the server and in the browser
fuseesb Fuse ESB - an open-source, standards-based integration platform.
postgresql-performance essential to include sufficient information in your question as outlined in the tag info
ambiguity Ambiguity can refer to two related concepts: 'ambiguous calls' and 'ambiguous grammars'.
ews-managed-api Exchange Web Services API that can be used to access Exchange resources.
pocketsphinx a lightweight version of the CMU Sphinx open source cross-platform speech recognition system, optimized for mobile and handheld devices.
chunked-encoding Chunked encoding involves transferring the body of a message as a series of chunks, each with its own chunk size header.
named-scope null
zpl ZPL stands for the and is a proprietary programming language used to communicate to Zebra branded printers.
pundit Pundit provides a set of helpers that guide Ruby programmer in leveraging regular Ruby classes and object oriented design patterns to build a simple, robust and scaleable authorization system.
uniq a Unix/POSIX/Linux utility to remove or filter duplicate lines from a sorted file
pre The <pre> element in HTML represents preformatted text
outline a property in CSS, that is used to draw a line around the element
usbserial USB-to-serial Bridges/Adapters
word-cloud a visual representation for text data, typically used to depict keyword metadata on websites.
kwargs kwargs in Python let your functions take an arbitrary number of keyword arguments.
jspinner a class in Java's Swing package
textselection the method of handpicking a portion of text, most commonly for the purpose of copying/cutting/pasting.
openvpn Free software implementing virtual private networks
redraw Describes the update of a display to show the latest version of the data.
nsstream an abstract class for objects representing streams.
turing-machines an idealized model of computation consisting of a finite-state control, an infinite tape holding information, and a read head positioned somewhere over the tape
file-association A file association associates a file with an application capable of opening that file
gmock a mocking framework for Groovy
dll-injection a technique used to run code within the address space of another process by forcing it to load a dynamic-link library.
dkim a method for associating a domain name to an email message, thereby allowing a person, role, or organization to claim some responsibility for the message
itemssource null
quirks-mode A technique used by some web browsers for the sake of maintaining backward compatibility with web pages designed for older browsers
garbage Garbage, refers to objects, data, or other regions of the memory of a computer system , which will not be used in any future computation by the system, or by a program runni…
kdtree a data structure for storing points in multidimensional space
mobile-browser a web browser designed for use on a mobile device such as a mobile phone or PDA.
boost-program-options a C++ library that allows program developers to obtain pairs from the user via conventional methods such as command line and config file.
pywinauto Windows GUI automation library written in Python
canonical-link is a keyword for the HTML attribute `rel` which allows specification of the preferred URL for web pages with duplicate content.
jmenu null
spring-oauth2 null
facebook-likebox a special version of the Like Button designed only for Facebook Pages.
cufon a JavaScript font replacement technique which is an alternative to WebFonts and sIFR
lwp The World-Wide Web library for Perl - LWP is a set of Perl modules which provides a simple and consistent application programming interface to the World-Wide Web.
querying null
synchronize null
zend-route Routing in Zend Framework's MVC implementation
z3py Python interface for the Z3 Theorem Prover
backbone-model Models in the Backbone.js library.
stocks null
tabactivity related to android TabActivity
syntactic-sugar a computer science term that refers to syntax within a programming language that is designed to make things easier to read or to express.
silverlight-2.0 an application framework for writing and running rich Internet applications, with features and purposes similar to those of Adobe Flash
selectedvalue null
php4 For issues relating to development using PHP, version 4.
pos-tagger a concrete implementation of algorithms which associate discrete terms, as well as hidden parts of speech, in accordance with a set of descriptive tags, such…
geom-bar the geometric object description for creating a barplot in `ggplot2`
spring-rabbitmq Spring components for AMQP-based messaging.
gridextra a package providing convenience functions and extensions on top of `grid`, a low-level framework for R graphics.
pyzmq the Python bindings for 0MQ , written almost entirely in Cython
dijit.form The Dojo Toolkit dijit.form package contains “form widgets”.
polar-coordinates An alternative form of plotting in mathematical space which utilizes pole-based coordinates to plot points
wildcard-subdomain useful to allow end users of a domain-based multisite network to create new sites on demand
boundary null
cascading a Query API, Query Planner, and Process Scheduler used for defining and executing complex, scale-free, and fault tolerant data processing workflows on a Hadoop cluster.
contentcontrol Represents a WPF control which can contain a single piece of content that can be of any type.
content-disposition The Content-Disposition response header field is used in HTTP web responses to convey additional information about how to process a response payload
google-cloud-datalab An online tool for data analysis provided by Google as part of its Cloud Platform.
git-filter-branch a native Git tool used to extensively rewrite branches, and is often used to remove unwanted large or secret files from Git repository history.
formset a layer of abstraction to working with multiple forms on the same page
filehandle an abstract indicator for accessing a file
seeding null
xtable A function of an R package of the same name, used to convert an R object into an object that may be printed as a LaTeX or HTML table.
kiosk-mode Kiosk-mode represents a locked down OS environment where the user can interact with a limited UI
android-service-binding an implementation of the Service class that allows other applications to bind to it and interact with it
collectionviewsource The Extensible Application Markup Language proxy of a CollectionView class.
nas file-level computer data storage connected to a computer network providing data access to clients
postal-code a series of letters and/or digits which is useful to identify the a particular region within a postal address
pde for questions about partial differential equations
serializer null
simpleadapter a basic Android adapter which can be used to map static data to views in a xml layout.
reminders null
orchardcms-1.6 a free, open source, community-focused project aimed at delivering applications and reusable components on the ASP.NET MVC platform
phonegap-pushplugin - Use phonegap-plugin-push instead] This plugin is for use with Cordova, and allows your application to receive push notifications on Android, iOS and WP8 devices.
phasset an object in the iOS Photos Framework that represents an image or video file on the iOS device
distributed-caching a cache implementation that uses caches spread across different networked hosts.
office-2007 For issues relating to Microsoft Office, version 2007.
amazon-ebs Amazon Elastic Block Store provides block level storage volumes for use with Amazon EC2 instances
slime The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs.
srp The Single Responsibility Principle in object-oriented programming, one of the SOLID principles.
mousedown a browser event that occurs when a user clicks the mouse button down on an element.
prestodb an open source distributed SQL query engine for running interactive analytic queries against data sources of all sizes ranging from gigabytes to petabytes.
cancancan Continuation of CanCan, the authorization Gem for Ruby on Rails.
hp-ux Hewlett-Packard's proprietary implementation of the Unix operating system, based on UNIX System V and first released in 1984.
urlfetch Used in Google App Engine to communicate with other applications or access other resources on the web by fetching URLs.
fixed-width null
flashlight Most phones have one or more camera/s
ios-4.2 For issues relating to using iOS, version 4.2.
qwt a collection of QT widgets, GUI components and utility classes.
android-notification-bar for questions relating to issues showing your notification in the notification area.
android-vectordrawable a vector graphic defined in an XML file as a set of points, lines, and curves along with its associated color information.
compiler-flags Parameters that may be passed to a compiler affecting how compilation is carried out
dml database syntax used for SQL commands, including the INSERT, UPDATE, and DELETE statements
dart-pub a package manager for Dart applications and libraries.
calc calc refers to anything remotely related to anything about calculating anything
whoosh a fast, featureful full-text indexing and searching library implemented in pure Python.
ios5.1 The version of iOS that was released by Apple on 7 Mar 2012
mql4 a new built-in language for programming of trading strategies
format-specifiers format-specifiers refer to the syntax of the format string parameter of the *printf functions in C/C++, allowing special formatting of arguments.
url-shortener a technique in which a URL may be made substantially shorter in length and still direct to the required page.
attributerouting Define your routes using attributes on action methods in ASP.NET MVC and Web API.
error-log The Error Log view captures all the warnings and errors logged by plug-ins.
kindle-fire a family of Android based devices, using the Amazon ecosystem and running their AppStore for third party applications instead of the Google Play Store.
scala-ide the Eclipse plugin for Scala
sails-mongo MongoDB adapter for Sails.js
yahoo-pipes Yahoo! Pipes was a web service which allows user to aggregate, filter, and combine web data sources such as RSS feeds and web pages into an output feed
qt-signals used for communication between objects
shebang The #! marker at the beginning of scripts is called a shebang.
sql-server-agent a Microsoft Windows service that executes scheduled administrative tasks, which are called jobs
tensor null
strongname In .NET platform, a strong name consists of the assembly's identity—its simple text name, version number, and culture information —plus a public key and a digital signature
docker-container the core of the docker program in which programs and applications can run in simulated environments.
ckfinder a powerful Ajax file manager for web browsers which offers: drag-and-drop support, multiple file uploads, multi-language support, quality image thumbnails, a powerful ACL system and suppor…
glimpse for the client, Glimpse does for the server..
mismatch Mismatch refers to a failure to correspond or match
marketplace Microsoft's online store that allows users of windows-based smartphones to purchase, download and install mobile applications.
google-crawlers a generic term for any program used to automatically discover and scan websites by following links from one webpage to another
infinity a specific floating point value that is always larger than any other floating point value
multi-level null
cifilter A tag for the CIFilter class, part of the Mac OS X Cocoa framework and of the Cocoa Touch framework since iOS 5.0.
powercli a set of Windows PowerShell snap-ins that provide cmdlets to automate vSphere and vCloud virtual environments.
kendo-chart The Kendo UI Charts use modern browser technologies to render high-quality data visualizations
kaa a 100% open-source middleware platform for rapid development of IoT applications and connected products.
surveymonkey an online survey service
activereports a reporting framework for Visual Studio programmers designed and marketed by GrapeCity
apriori a seminal algorithm for frequent pattern mining and it can also refer to an association rule mining algorithm.
nameservers null
iif Immediate IF, which does not short-circuit, returns one of two values, depending on whether the Boolean expression evaluates to true or false in SQL Server 2012, Visual Basic, and its variants.
application-loader a tool to help to prepare the applications for sale in the App Store.
param null
uiwebviewdelegate The methods declared by the UIWebViewDelegate protocol allow the adopting delegate to respond to messages from the UIWebView class
sorted refers to a collection of items that has already been arranged in some specific order.
ratio a mathematical relationship between two quantities, typically used to compare sizes.
plinq a parallel query execution engine for LINQ
precompiled-headers a header file that has statically compiled but still separate from its final executable in order to speed up compilation of dependent files.
x264 a free software library and application for encoding video streams into the H.264/MPEG-4 AVC format, and is is released under the terms of the GNU GPL.
animated null
nimbus a polished cross-platform look and feel introduced in the Java SE 6 Update 10 release of the Java platform
apollo-client null
youtube-dl an opensource, small command-line program, written in Python, to download videos from YouTube.com and other sites.
parser-combinators In functional programming, a parser combinator is a higher-order function which accepts several parsers as input and returns a new parser as its output.
r-factor a data type in the R language, used to encode categorical or enumerated data.
strong-typing A typing system that enforces restrictions on which operations or methods may be called on an object based on type.
web-site-project created by using the File->New Web Site command in Visual Studio
use a keyword or statement used in several technologies
git-tag the Git command used to create, list, delete or verify a tag object signed with GPG
wms a standard protocol for serving georeferenced map images over the Internet that are generated by a map server using data from a GIS database.
daterangepicker A jQuery UI plug-in that let the user to select a date range.
mirth an open source cross-platform HL7 interface engine that enables bi-directional sending of HL7 messages between systems and applications over multiple transports available.
atoi the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to an integer
inflate the decompression counterpart to the lossless compression algorithm and format deflate
nswindowcontroller A NSWindowController object manages a window, usually a window stored in a xib file.
nw.js NW.js lets you call Node.js modules directly from DOM
usort a function in PHP which provides means for custom collections sorting by using an user-defined comparison function to determine the order of elements
uvm Universal Verification Methodology
galleria an open source image gallery framework written in JavaScript
whois The WHOIS protocol allows a user to query the registrant of a particular domain name or IP address.
browser-extension additions to a browser that add to or improve some part of the browser's functionality.
jvisualvm a Java Virtual Machine monitoring, troubleshooting and profiling tool
factors a factor of a number b , if a divides b exactly.
pyobjc a bridge between the Python and Objective-C programming languages
rspec3 a major release of the Behaviour-Driven Development tool for Ruby programmers
gridpanel a User Interface Element that is used as a grouping control to define the behavior of various graphical controls and forms.
rational a number that can be expressed as the ratio of two integers
rate-limiting used to control the rate of traffic sent or received on a network interface.
inverse In mathematics, a function y=f tells us how to map input x to output y
multibinding a XAML tag in Microsoft .NET WPF that enables you to combine multiple sources of data into a single collection of data available for data binding.
netfilter a set of hooks inside the Linux kernel that allows kernel modules to register callback functions with the network stack
code-access-security security specific to limiting access to or protecting source code, through the use of processes such as encryption, obfuscation, and more.
angular-controller null
uima UIMA is an architecture for creating scalable applications that analyze and extract information from unstructured data sources such as text, audio, a…
thermal-printer A printer in which fine heated pins form characters on heat-sensitive paper
httplib A module from Python standard lib that defines classes which implement the client side of the HTTP and HTTPS protocols.
homography an invertible mapping from points in the the real projective plane to points in the real projective plane that maps straight lines to straight lines
maven-shade-plugin This plugin provides the capability to package the artifact in an uber-jar, including its dependencies and to shade - i.e
apache-commons-net Apache Commons Net™ library implements the client side of many basic Internet protocols.
j a high-level, general-purpose, high-performance array programming language.
compass-geolocation the identification of the real-world geographic location of an object, such as a cell phone or an Internet-connected computer terminal
crosswalk-runtime a web runtime for HTML5 applications
joomla1.7 For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 1.7
jquery-load The .load method in jQuery provides the ability to load content into the selected elements.
init.d The init.d directory contains a number of start/stop scripts for various services on a Linux system.
nsnotification a class used to send messages to observing classes through NSNotificationCenter.
savestate sore and retrieve the application state upon a device rotation.
android-homebutton The home button in the android Operating System
tweenmax TweenMax extends the extremely lightweight, fast TweenLite animation engine , adding many useful features like yoyo, repeat, repeatDelay, u…
varbinary the SQL Server datatype used to hold variable-length binary data
sp An R package that provides classes and methods for spatial data .
spring-cache Spring cache provides a Cache and CacheManager abstraction with several implementations including support for ehcache and JSR-107 providers
rackspace an IT hosting company based in San Antonio, Texas, USA.
ftdi a company based in United Kingdom that is producing solutions for converting legacy peripherals to Universal Serial Bus.
kryo a fast and efficient object graph serialization framework for Java
server-push Server push describes a style of Internet-based communication where the request for a given transaction is initiated by the publisher or central server.
rmysql An R package for interfacing with MySQL and MariaDB databases.
pybrain an open source machine-learning library for python
stm32f4discovery Evaluation board from STM
vertices A vertex has a slightly different meaning depending on context
winpcap the industry-standard tool for link-layer network access in Windows environments: it allows applications to capture and transmit network packets bypassing the protocol stack.
abstract-data-type a specification for a certain class of data structures that have similar behavior; or for certain data types of one or more programming languages that have similar seman…
xsd.exe The XML Schema Definition tool generates XML schema or common language runtime classes from XDR, XML, and XSD files, or from classes in a runtime assembly
zepto a minimalist JavaScript framework for modern browsers, with a jQuery-compatible syntax.
purescript a functional language with strong, static types which compiles to JavaScript.
http-delete an HTTP request method used to delete a specified resource on server side.
vim-syntax-highlighting reserved for vim questions which focus on syntax highlighting or colorscheme files.
infopath2010 a software application for designing, distributing, filling and submitting electronic forms containing structured data
lens A lenses library for Haskell.
domain-model composed of the objects, behavior, relationships, and attributes that make up the industry that is the focus of development.
check-constraints CHECK constraints enforce domain integrity by limiting the values that are accepted by one or more columns.
superagent light-weight progressive ajax API crafted for flexibility, readability, and a low learning curve after being frustrated with many of the existing request APIs
applepay A payment method created by apple to pay for goods online or offline.
bubble-chart a kind of graph where we can plot 3 values
cakephp-1.2 relates to the 1.2.x branch of CakePHP MVC framework
delaunay a triangulation such that no vertex of the triangulation is inside the interior of the circumcircle of any triangle of the triangulation.
mbeans JMX beans, NOT JSF/CDI/Spring/etc
mbprogresshud an iOS drop-in class that displays a translucent HUD with an indicator and/or labels while work is being done in a background thread.
mvccontrib This project was designed to add functionality and ease-of-use to Microsoft's ASP.NET MVC Framework, MVC Contrib is useful for developers looking to develop and test UI elements on top of the ASP.NET …
http-status-code-503 one of the status codes a web server can return to a client application when processing a request
gluon-mobile for questions about the Gluon Mobile platform, enabling Java development on Android, iOS and desktop.
peoplesoft an Oracle ERP that has its pages generated from metadata
image-loading null
docbook DocBook provides a system for writing structured documents using SGML or XML
class-variables a variable shared by all instance of that class
vlcj a Java binding for VLC engine
synthesis Synthesis turns a high level circuit description into an implementation in logic gates.
selectedindex In HTML DOM, the selectedIndex property sets or returns the index of the selected option in a dropdown list
qsub a job submission command for high performance computing jobs.
disconnect A break or interruption in an existing connection, continuum, or process.
rhel7 For development issues encountered while using Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7
openurl A cocoa method on iOS letting developers access other apps from inside an app.
stl-algorithm A collection of algorithms defined as template functions in the <algorithm> header of C++'s standard library
standards-compliance null
shoes a cross-platform toolkit for writing graphical apps easily and artfully using Ruby
navigation-properties used within The Entity Framework to Navigate to relations of a table
binning the process of grouping data into used in statistics and data analysis
knockout-3.0 an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model pattern
eclipse-mars the code name for Eclipse 4.5 which was released on June 24, 2015
appstore-sandbox A method of limiting an application's access to system resources required for applications submitted to the Mac App Store and optional for non-AppStore applications.
angular-formly an AngularJS module which has a directive to help customize and render JavaScript/JSON configured forms
html-to-pdf For questions related to conversion of HTML pages to PDF files
google-chrome-os dedicated to questions about Chrome OS.
linphone a general purpose SIP softphone that isn't bound to any operator
android-debug The Android SDK provides most of the tools that you need to debug your applications
akka-cluster a new functionality that allows one to build cluster capabilities on top of the Akka middleware.
supervised-learning the machine learning task of inferring a function from labeled training data
asynccallback a piece of executable code that is passed as an argument to other code, which is expected to call back the argument at some convenient time
asp.net-core-1.1 available in Visual Studio 2017
arduino-esp8266 This project brings support for ESP8266 chip to the Arduino environment
leap-motion a company developing advanced motion sensing technology for human–computer interaction.
jenkins-job-dsl a Jenkins plugin which lets you script creation of Jenkins Jobs in Groovy
manual a technical communication document intended to give assistance to people using a particular system
force.com A Platform-as-a-Service development environment created by Salesforce.com, which underlies the core Salesforce CRM functionality and is available as a platform via database.com, as well as via Heroku,…
persistent-storage The persistent storage describes a mechanism, that preserves the value of a variable over the lifetime of the executed script or program.
tsc a compiler for converting TypeScript into plain JavaScript.
hudson-plugins Hudson plugins provide extensions to Hudson's basic capabilities
autopostback an attribute set on asp.NET web controls, indicating that interacting with them causes a post action in the browser.
in-memory null
undertow a high performance non-blocking webserver that is the new web server in Red Hat's WildFly.
perceptron a basic linear classifier that outputs binary labels.
probability-density In probability theory, the density of a random variable is a function that describes the relative likelihood for this random variable to take on a given value
scheduledexecutorservice A system library object that manages its own thread pool and can schedule actions to run on these threads .
telerik-reporting a .Net reporting solution for building rich and interactive reports
static-cast A C++ cast operator to convert from one type to another, using only information about the static type of the object being cast
writer an abstract class, interface or naming convention which is used to state that the given object is used to write data to a file, stream, device or other destination
xml-signature XML Signatures provide integrity, message authentication, and/or signer authentication services for data of any type, whether located within the XML that includes the signature or elsewhere.
zurb-foundation-5 the 5th version of Zurb foundation front-end framework which is faster to code, to learn and to run than the previous version, Foundation 4
closedxml ClosedXML makes it easier for .NET developers to create Excel 2007+ files
smarty3 a template engine for PHP
bourbon a mixin library for Sass
google-search-appliance Google Search - customized and secured in an appliance for use behind an organisation's firewall.
expansion null
android-wake-lock Refers to PowerManager.WakeLock, a class from the Android SDK belonging to package android.os
algorithmic-trading a technique of trading financial assets through an algorithm which has been fully or partially automated into a computer program.
divider null
documents null
cordova-2.0.0 a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
algebraic-data-types data structures built from sums, products and recursive types, admitting an algebra
suspend null
digest-authentication A challenge-response authentication mechanism for HTTP
equivalent used for questions about similarities between any of various programming constructs
enumerator Enables enumeration of items in a collection.
dynamic-library null
group-policy a feature of the Microsoft Windows NT family of operating systems that control the working environment of user accounts and computer accounts
msbuild-4.0 Third version of the MSBuild build tool , released as part of the .Net Framework 4.0
kestrel-http-server part of ASP.NET 5.
gridgain a High Performance In-Memory Platform that enables processing of terabytes of data, in-memory, on 1000s of computers, in less than a second.
number-theory that branch of mathematics that investigates the properties of numbers, typically whole numbers.
np a complexity class of decision problems that can be solved by a nondeterministic Turing machine in polynomial time
php-ini very useful and it is a configuration file that is used to customize behavior of PHP at runtime - http://php.net/configuration.file.
externalinterface The ActionScript ExternalInterface class enables communication between ActionScript and the SWF container
siebel a CRM solution for large businesses.
arraybuffer a Javascript data type used to represent a generic, fixed-length binary data buffer.
mapr a commercial company that produces a version of the Hadoop open source computing platform that combines many of the Hadoop related components with proprietary technology to achieve high availa…
google-account a user account that provides access to Google-owned services.
iphone-4 the fourth version of the iPhone released by Apple, Inc
undefined-symbol After all of the input files have been read and all symbol resolution is complete, the link-editor searches the internal symbol table for any symbol references that have not been bound to symbol defin…
qobject a Qt class which serves as a base class for all Qt objects.
pagemethods functions in the code-behind file for an ASP.net WebForms page that can be invoked from Web Services or AJAX
haxm Intel® Hardware Accelerated Execution Manager
fseek a C function belonging to the ANSI C standard library, and included in stdio.h
outlook-redemption a library which works around the security limitations introduced in Outlook 2002
quartus For questions about Quartus, a software tool developed by Altera / Intel to assist in the design, analysis, and synthesis of HDL designs, including FPGA and CPLD.
referenceerror Anything related to JavaScript ReferenceError that it is thrown when trying to dereference a variable that has not been declared.
scrollpane A group that scrolls a child widget using scrollbars and/or mouse or touch dragging.
sha512 The 512-bit version of the Secure Hash Algorithm.
undo-redo For issues relating to undo and/or redo operations.
ubuntu-11.04 Ubuntu release that was released on 28 April 2011.
solaris-10 a release of Solaris OS that supports multiple architectures and has native virtualization tools
angularjs-ng-route The ngRoute module provides routing and deeplinking services and directives for angular apps.
libevent an API for writing event driven systems
numberpicker a UI element that lets the user pick a numeric value.
fragmentmanager FragmentManager is an interface for interacting with Fragment objects inside an Activity in Android
objectcontext Core class within Entity Framework
nsmenu OS X API : A class that defines an object that manages an application’s menus
dts a set of objects and utilities to allow the automation of extract, transform and load operations to or from a database
cruisecontrol both a continuous integration tool and an extensible framework for creating a custom continuous build process.
dokku Docker powered mini-Heroku in around 100 lines of Bash
cursor-position null
amazon-cloudsearch a fully-managed search service in the cloud that allows customers to easily integrate fast and highly scalable search functionality into their applications
suitecrm a CRM application written in PHP and is a fork of the popular SugarCRM Community Edition project
advantage-database-server an embedded relational database management system from Sybase.
audiotoolbox The Audio Toolbox framework provides interfaces for recording, playback, and stream parsing
duplex a point-to-point system composed of two connected parties or devices that can communicate with one another in both directions, simultaneously.
freeradius an open source, multi-protocol policy server
grid-search In machine learning, grid search refers to multiple runs to find the optimal value of parameter/hyperparameter of a model, e.g
xtend a statically typed programming language that transcompiles to Java
autofocus null
multiple-select null
libc++ an open C++ Standard Library implementation, and a subproject of LLVM.org
wit.ai a NLP engine owned by Facebook that makes it easy for developers to build bots, applications and devices that you can talk or text to.
angular-http-interceptors service factories that are registered with the `$httpProvider` by adding them to the `$httpProvider.interceptors` array
activemerchant an extraction from the e-commerce system Shopify
fbsdk Facebook software development kit
worklight-studio Worklight Studio Studio is an Eclipse-based IDE, part of the IBM Worklight Mobile Platform.
batik a Java-based toolkit for applications or applets that want to use images in the Scalable Vector Graphics format for various purposes, such as display, generation or manipulation.
userid Used by services, systems , programs and etc to uniquely identify the user
visual-web-developer a freeware web development tool, with the role of former ASP.NET Web Matrix, that allows developers to evaluate the web development and editing capabilities of the othe…
heap-dump a snapshot of the memory of a Java process.
xmltype a system-defined data type for handling XML data in Oracle databases.
teamcity-9.0 a continuous integration tool and a distributed Java-based build management system that can be highly beneficial to teams using an agile development approach.
nhibernate-criteria The NHibernate Criteria API allows performing dynamic, object oriented queries in NHibernate.
spring-data-cassandra part of Spring Data project which provides a familiar and consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabili…
structured-streaming a new stream processing model and engine built on Spark SQL since Apache Spark 2.0.0
960.gs a CSS layout system that can be used with or without a web development framework.
kie the shared core for Drools and jBPM
xslt-grouping specific to XSLT
generic-collections A collection that supports generic typing of its elements
normalize has no single, established meaning at this time
cglib a run time code generation library for the Java platform licensed under the Apache 2.0 license
confusion-matrix a contingency table of correct and incorrect classifications used to evaluate the performance of a classification algorithm in machine learning.
dcos should be used for questions around the DC/OS
case-statement Evaluates a list of conditions and returns one of multiple possible result expressions
centos5 a Linux distribution aiming for 100% binary compatibility with RHEL.
microprocessors A microprocessor incorporates the functions of a computer's central processing unit on a single integrated circuit .
notifyicon Specifies a component that creates an icon in the notification area
sql-scripts lists of SQL sentences written in a single file, meant to be executed sequentially
native-base a free, open source, cross-platform, reusable UI component library for React Native.
mysql-5.7 for questions related to the MySQL database, version 5.7.
offlineapps An application which functions without being connected to a network or the internet
jmenuitem an implementation of an item in a menu
fileinfo fileinfo refers to the properties of a file that are not part of the content, but rather meta-information such as file type, last modification time, id in the file system, etc
haar-classifier Visual Neural Network recognizer that breaks up an image into digital image features to improve accuracy in object recognition.
smartcard-reader a peripheral device that can be connected to computer or an embedded system in order to empower that device with the capability to communicate with smartc…
tablecell a column element in HTML Tables which resides under row element '<TR>'
vmware-workstation a virtual machine software suite for x86 and x86-64 computers from VMware.
parser-generator a tool that accepts a grammar description of a language , and generates computer code that will parse the language described …
opscenter a management tool for Apache Cassandra and DataStax Enterprise provided by DataStax.
ptrace The ptrace system call provides a means by which a parent process may observe and control the execution of another process, and examine and change its core image and registers.
writetofile for questions concerning the writeToFile method, part of the NSData class in OS X and iOS
mtom Message Transmission Optimization Mechanism is a method to efficiently send binary data to and from Web services, it is a W3C Recommendation.
netsh the command name for the NetShell utility, which is used as a scripting interface for monitoring and configuring network interfaces, firewall, routing and remote access under Microsoft Windo…
photoswipe a JavaScript image gallery for mobile and desktop, modular, framework independent.
pc Anything about personal computers.
renaming null
virtual-inheritance used to solve the Dreaded Diamond Problem associated with multiple inheritance in C++.
unauthorized If referring to the HTTP error code .
systems-programming the activity of computer programming system software
minikube a tool that makes it easy to run Kubernetes locally
nsrange describe a portion of a series—such as characters in a string or objects in an NSArray object.
deezer a music streaming service targeted toward web and mobile devices
google-api-nodejs-client Google's officially supported node.js client library for accessing Google APIs, it also supports authorization and authentication with OAuth 2.0.
hwnd The Microsoft Windows operating environment identifies each form in an application by assigning it a handle, or hWnd
second-level-cache a layer of cache that lives between a cache and a data service/store to optimize read operations on the servi…
mxnet a fast, scalable, open source deep learning framework that supports Python, R, Scala, C++, Julia, Go, and Javascript
meteor-helper Template helpers in Meteor define values or functions that can be accessed from Meteor's logicless Spacebars templates.
machine-code data that is directly fed into a microprocessor, being the only form that the processor is able to execute
f2py a tool that provides an interface between the Python and Fortran programming languages.
explicit In C++ specifies constructors and conversion operators that don't allow implicit conversions or copy-initialization
code-translation For questions regarding the translation of existing code in one programming language to another.
circular-buffer a data structure that uses a single, fixed-size buffer as if it were connected end-to-end
blogspot a blog-publishing service that allows private or multi-user blogs with time-stamped entries.
cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for cell phones and tablets based on the open-source Android operating system
dsn used to define the connection to a data source such as a database
edges edges represent the logical connection between two regions in an entity
maximize Maximize refers to the process of increasing a certain value to its fullest, biggest, or greatest .
mpich a freely available, portable implementation of MPI, the Standard for message-passing libraries.
greatest-common-divisor The greatest common divisor of two or more non-zero integers, is the largest positive integer that divides the numbers without a remainder.
prefetch A technique to minimize time spent waiting for some needed data to arrive, effectively hiding the latency of the fetch or part of it
rstudio-server to be used for rstudio-server, which provides a browser based interface for R / Rstudio running on a remote server
auto-indent used in programming tools to automatically adjust the amount of leading white space on a line.
system.out Predefined stream object attached to the standard output in Java console applications.
pkcs#12 a file format to store and exchange private keys and certificates.
arraycollection a wrapper class that exposes an Array as a collection in Flex which can be accessed and manipulated
ghost-blog a minimalistic open source blogging platform that is built with JavaScript and that defaults to Markdown for drafting posts.
winhttp an HTTP client application library provided by Microsoft as part of Windows to send the requests through the HTTP protocol to other HTTP servers.
revit-api Revit's API allows users to create customize the environment with tools that can greatly enhance end users capabilities
robovm an open source, ahead-of-time compiler for Java bytecode to ARM and x86 executables.
onlongclicklistener A Listener object that reacts to the click of a Mouse input device, where the button is depressed for an extended period of time before being released.
qt4.8 For issues relating to using the Qt framework, version 4.8 and no other version
zbar for questions not specific to iPhone
backtrace the series of currently active function calls for the program.
period an interval, a span of time.
pong one of the earliest arcade video games
rpart An R package for fitting classification and regression trees.
tableau-server Questions regarding Tableau server administration, site & user management, access control and ownership of content, security, data source mgmt, data extract and refresh, admin tools & pages, licensin…
opencv3.1 an open source computer vision library, free for commercial and research use.
php-gd The PHP GD class contains built in image manipulation for PHP versions 4.3 and up.
abcpdf WebSupergoo's software component for generating and manipulating PDF documents dynamically on Windows based systems, supporting the Microsoft .NET Framework and ASP/COM.
visual-composer null
soundmanager2 an open source audio API
jquery-cookie A simple, lightweight jQuery plugin for reading, writing and deleting cookies.
consumer null
facade one of the Gang of Four's structural design patterns.
feedback routed back as inputs as part of a chain of cause-and-effect that forms a circuit or loop.
form-helpers an essential interface for user input
google-cloud-vision Google Cloud Vision API enables developers to understand the content of an image by encapsulating powerful machine learning models in an easy to use REST API.
utility system software designed to help analyze, configure, optimize or maintain a computer
superfish a menu jQuery plugin that takes an existing pure CSS drop-down menu and adds a series of enhancements.
android-fileprovider an extension of Android's ContentProvder class, which supports easy sharing of private files between apps.
advanceddatagrid An extended version of the Flex DataGrid control that provides features like column groups and renderers for non-text data.
postgresql-9.6 for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 9.6
disabled-input null
mono.cecil a library to generate and inspect programs and libraries in the ECMA CIL form.
mass-assignment A feature of server-side web framework such as Ruby on Rails, in which all the parameters of an HTTP request are assigned to variables
identity-column a column in a database table that is made up of values managed by the server and cannot be modified, to be used as a primary key for the table
socialengine a PHP-based white label social network platform.
node-sass a library that provides binding for Node.js to libsass, the C version of the popular stylesheet preprocessor, Sass.
angularjs-ng-options dynamically generate a list of <option> elements for the <select> element using the array or object obtained by evaluating the ngOptions comprehension expression…
test-kitchen an integration tool for developing and testing infrastructure code and software on isolated target platforms.
strip-tags for questions related to removing tags from text.
spring-data-redis Spring Data Redis, part of the larger Spring Data family, provides easy configuration and access to Redis from Spring applications
sparklyr an alternative R interface for Apache Spark
operations null
yui3 Yahoo!'s next-generation JavaScript and CSS library
xacml the eXtensible Access Control Markup Language, an open standard for specifying and evaluating authorization and access control policies.
docker-volume a specially-designated directory within one or more containers that bypasses the Union File System.
ios-universal-links With universal links, iOS users can tap a link to your website and get seamlessly redirected to your installed app without going through Safari
plink a command-line interface to the PuTTY back ends, written and maintained primarily by Simon Tatham
twitter-typeahead A fast and battle-tested jQuery plugin for auto completion from Twitter .
pebble-watch a smartwatch with an e-paper display.
ilmerge a utility for merging multiple .NET assemblies into a single .NET assembly
toolbox The Toolbox displays icons for controls and other items that you can add to Visual Studio projects.
sos an extension DLL that allows debugging of managed .NET code using the debuggers from Debugging Tools for Windows, such as WinDbg.
speech-synthesis the artificial production of human speech.
named-ranges a defined area, typically in a spreadsheet or document, used for future reference
nsight an homogeneous application development environment for heterogeneous platforms to develop Compute and Graphics GPU accelerated applications
geany a lightweight and fast IDE
document-root The document root directory under which the current script is executing, as defined in the server's configuration file.
bigtable a distributed storage system for managing structured data that is designed to scale to a very large size: petabytes of data across thousands of commodity servers.
cleartool the command line interface of IBM Rational ClearCase toolsuit for software configuration management.
django-channels Shoud be used for the django-channels project that brings asynchrony to django.
shapely PostGIS-ish operations outside a database context for Pythoneers and Pythonistas.
elastic-load-balancer for questions related to the Elastic Load Balancer, used to automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple Amazon EC2 instances.
flash-message null
evaluate null
kernel-density a non-parametric way to estimate the probability density function of a random variable.
claims null
dblink An object or module that enables access to a remote database.
image-capture null
hamburger-menu An off-screen menu activated by an icon with three horizontal lines.
lithium an RAD framework for PHP 5.3+
tidy a C library for cleaning up HTML.
watch-os Apple's operating system for Apple Watches
svnkit a pure Java Subversion toolkit
term May refer to: 1) Term or Terminology, 2) Term , 3) Technical term, 4) Scientific terminology or 5) Telecom Enforcement Resource and Monitoring.
selection-sort a sorting algorithm, specifically an in-place comparison sort
quadratic for questions relating to quadratic equations, quadratic regression, and similar concepts in the context of programming as defined in the Help Center
reader Reader specifies a software that can read files of a specific format or a hardware gadget that can read some memory card or similar device.
invoke-command a powershell cmdlet that runs commands on local and remote computers.
function-call a line of code that executes a specific block of code defined as a function, that is, self-contained code that may optionally take arguments, defined for the purpose of code reuse.
health-monitoring Health monitoring gives an easy way to monitor the overall health of an application and the underlying systems
yeoman-generator-angular Yeoman generator for AngularJS lets you quickly set up a project with sensible defaults and best practices.
nested-routes Nested routes allow to capture relationship in your routing.
ioerror Anything related to Input/Output errors, i.e
project-structure Refers to layout of folders and components to help organize a project's files, whether code or resources
optimistic-locking When coordinating updates from multiple database sessions, optimistic locking is a strategy that assumes all updates can complete without conflict
ota Over-the-air wireless communication
page-object-gem A simple gem that assists in creating flexible page objects for testing browser based applications
web-deployment-project Web Deployment Projects provides developers with advanced compilation options for ASP.NET projects
live-tile the entry point of Microsoft Metro apps, and can be updated with information to display to the user in an easily digestible format.
file-manager a GUI oriented application or service with the purpose to manage files in a operating system.
react-dom React package for working with the DOM.
estimote Personalized micro-location based notifications and interaction.
audio-processing Audio processing involves the study of mathematical and signal processing techniques to understand or alter the nature of audio signals
autosave The generic concept of automatically saving information to the disk or to a remote server, triggered by a timer or any other event.
jquery-effects For questions related to animating elements using jQuery effects.
stacked-chart null
android-security Tag used by Android in Security Alert messages to developers
indicator null
jarsigner jarsigner - JAR Signing and Verification Tool Generates signatures for Java ARchive files, and verifies the signatures of signed JAR files.
fab used for a special type of promoted action
git-extensions a GUI toolkit to make working with Git more intuitive.
after-effects a digital video production tool used to generate and/or manipulate moving graphics, compositing video, images and text, as well as color correct and grade
dart-html Dart HTML allows access to basic browser features like the DOM, FileSystem, Websockets and other things.
dateadd a T-SQL function that returns a datetime with the specified number interval added to a specified datepart of that datetime.
code-signing-certificate a security technology, used in OS X, that allows you to certify that an app was created by you
crystal-lang a programming language with a Ruby inspired syntax but statically type checked and compiled to native and efficient code.
azure-sdk-.net Enables to build and debug hosted services in .NET and to deploy them to Azure
vaadin8 the 8th version of Vaadin, an open source Web application framework for rich Internet applications.
android-multidex an Android technology that splits the classes of an Application into multiple dex files
android-memory generally Runtime Memory of Android device
android-nestedscrollview just like a ScrollView, but it supports acting as both a nested scrolling parent as well as a child
hangout an instant messaging and video chat platform developed by Google
glmnet an R package for Lasso and elastic-net regularized generalized linear models.
dyld the binary loader for Darwin
sniffing an eavesdropping attempt which consists of capturing packets transmitted through a third party network and reading the data in search of confidential information.
sslhandshakeexception null
fragment-tab-host Special TabHost that allows the use of Fragment objects for its tab content
webos LG/HP/Palm webOS for smartphones and tablets
hour null
random-access the possibility of accessing any given record in a collection in the same time in contrast to sequential access in which distant records take longer to access than nearby records
boost-filesystem The Boost.Filesystem library provides facilities to manipulate files and directories, and the paths that identify them.
chinese-locale Questions related to specific aspects of machine-processing Chinese language, or to code that is executed under Chinese localization settings.
openstack-swift a massively scalable redundant storage system providing an object storage similar to Amazon's S3
objectlistview a C# wrapper around a .NET ListView
virtual-keyboard a software component that allows a user to enter characters
treeviewitem an element or node of a tree view.
regedit For issues relating to using the windows registry edit tool or performing registry edit operations.
data-retrieval Data retrieval involves extracting the wanted data from a dataset.
velocity.js a open sourced jQuery based library created to increase the performance of javascript animation
ksoap a SOAP web service client library for constrained Java environments such as Applets or J2ME applications.
physics-engine computer software that provides an approximate simulation of certain physical systems, such as rigid body dynamics , soft body dynamics, and fluid dy…
anonymous-methods a procedure or function that does not have a name associated with it.
setattribute null
typescript1.8 null
webpack-style-loader null
i18next a full-featured i18n javascript library for translating your webapplication.
collaborative-filtering For questions related to collaborative filtering and recommendation systems.
castle-dynamicproxy a library for generating lightweight .NET proxies on the fly at runtime
dynamic-controls null
dotnetnuke-7 Version 7 of the DotNetNuke open source CMS.
forgot-password refers to a situation in which you cannot access a protected system, file, database, etc
jql used to perform advanced searches within JIRA.
avasset an abstract class to represent timed audiovisual media such as videos and sounds
asp.net-mvc-5.1 a minor upgrade from the fifth version of the ASP.NET Model-View-Controller platform for web applications
method-reference part of the Java 8 lambda feature set.
contextmanager A python context manager manages the context of a with statement
demo Anything related to , i.e
bulletphysics an Open Source collision detection and rigid body dynamics library
karma-mocha a Karma plugin
supportmapfragment the single entry-point that exposes a map to an application
avatar the graphical representation of the user.
android-optionsmenu display the options of a application on android devices, this can be at the bottom of the application when the menu-button is pressed or in the overflow-menu of the actionbar.
objdump a program for displaying various information about object files
man online software documentation, serving as content for the man system, for an entity typically encountered in Unix or a Unix-like operating system
fresco an Android library developed by Facebook and dedicated to image loading
fusedlocationproviderapi The Fused Location Provider intelligently manages the underlying location technology and gives you the best location according to your needs.
event-bus Questions pertaining to Event Bus systems .
executor used to actually execute a distributed job/program/application.
google-pagespeed deleted as mod-pagespeed should be used instead.
html5-filesystem an abandoned API intending to allow manipulating files and directories in a *virtualized* file system stored by the browser in a sandboxed area of the client system.
web-push The Web Push API http://w3c.github.io/push-api/ lets users of your Web app receive push notifications at any time—even in the background; that is, even when your Web app is not currently running in th…
bridge A design pattern that decouples an abstraction from its implementation so that the two can vary independently
spring-mybatis MyBatis-Spring integrates MyBatis seamlessly with Spring
nsmutablestring The NSMutableString class declares the programmatic interface to an object that manages a mutable string — that is, a string whose contents can be edited — that conceptually represents an array of Uni…
rabl a Ruby templating system for generating XML and JSON.
scalatra a tiny Scala web framework, inspired by Sinatra.
zen-cart Free open source shopping cart software written in PHP, originally as a fork of osCommerce
largenumber Very large numbers often occur in fields such as mathematics, cosmology, cryptography and statistical mechanics
sandcastle Sandcastle produces accurate, MSDN style, comprehensive documentation by reflecting over the source assemblies and optionally integrating XML Documentation Comments.
settings.bundle A settings.bundle contains files that describe the structure and desired presentation style of your Application preferences.
parfor a Matlab command for executing the iterations of a for-loop in parallel
opticalflow the pattern of apparent motion of objects, surfaces, and edges in a visual scene caused by the relative motion between an observer and the scene.
try-except A form of error handling in Python and Delphi, similar to try/catch in C-like languages
voting null
websphere-6.1 for questions related to version 6.1 of IBM's WebSphere Application Server.
thickbox a webpage UI dialog widget written in JavaScript on top of the jQuery library
google-vision The Google Mobile Vision API for Android provides a framework for finding objects in photos and video.
instruction-set Specification for machine-readable instructions processed on different processing cores
wndproc a .NET method that process Windows messages
android-fonts different fonts available to use programmatically and also using the device setting, Generally programmers do use fonts in a way that keeping the font file in assets folder and then passing …
azure-keyvault a cloud-hosted service that allows applications to encrypt/decrypt data using cryptographic keys and store and retrieve secrets.
amf a binary format used to serialize ActionScript objects
browserstack a cloud service providing web browsers and mobile devices for both manual and automated testing.
hibernate-4.x Represents the 4.x release of the Hibernate Object/Relational Mapping project
ilist Non-generic interface in .NET for collections of objects which can be accessed individually by index
gethashcode method of base Object class of .Net Framework.
evolutionary-algorithm inspired by the biological model of evolution and natural selection
fuzzy-logic logic that results in an answer that is approximate, rather than exact as is the case with traditional logic
mod-security ModSecurity supplies an array of request filtering and other security features to the Apache HTTP Server
objectanimator Android class which animates an object based on a specified property of the object
nested-queries null
linode a virtual private server web hosting and cloud computing provider based in Galloway Township, New Jersey.
android-lvl Android licensing verification library
magento-2.0 questions related to Magento 2.0 version of PHP eCommerce software and platform
vs-unit-testing-framework Microsoft's unit testing framework
stackdriver Monitoring, logging, and diagnostics for applications on Google Cloud Platform and AWS.
apache-tiles a framework that allows authors to define HTML page fragments which can be assembled into a complete page at runtime.
tshark the command line version of wireshark; a free and open-source packet analyzer.
chipmunk an open-source physics library written in C.
route-provider null
data-access Data access typically refers to software and activities related to storing, retrieving, or acting on data housed in a database or other repository.
database-indexes An index contains keys built from one or more columns in the table, or view, and pointers that map to the storage location of the specified data.
backspace The backspace key on the keyboard
opengl-4 the current iteration of the OpenGL standard, designed to reflect newest capabilities of modern GPU in 3D rendering
octal The octal numeral system, or oct for short, is the base-8 numeral system, using the digits 0 to 7
pagerank a graph algorithm that assigns importance to nodes based on their links, and is named after its inventor - Larry Page
playn an open-source, cross-platform game development framework that provides a single Java API that can be used to generate HTML5, Android, iOS, and desktop Java/applet clients.
viewdata null
x-frame-options The X-Frame-Options HTTP response header tells browsers whether to allow an HTML document to be rendered in iframe element or frame element in HTML documents at other origins.
sesame Sesame was the old name of the Eclipse RDF4J Java framework for storing, querying and inferencing for RDF
rails-activejob A Ruby On Rails framework for declaring jobs and performing or enqueuing them.
activation is for questions dealing with the technologies for the activation of software.
perspectivecamera Perspective camera projection projects points onto the image plane along lines that emanate from a single point, called the center of projection
maven-dependency-plugin The dependency plugin provides the capability to manipulate artifacts
cucumber-java a pure Java implementation of Cucumber that supports the most popular programming languages for the JVM
google-home targets question related to programming for Google Home device.
android-instrumentation Base class for implementing application instrumentation code.
glass-mapper a Sitecore module that provides an ORM solution for the Sitecore CMS.
keyboard-hook The term keyboard hook covers a range of techniques used to alter or augment the behavior or intercepting keyboard event messages before they reach an application.
gets Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions gets or std::gets
google-rich-snippets Rich Snippets / Rich Cards in Google Search
bolt-cms a sophisticated, lightweight and simple CMS for PHP.
confluent-kafka A family of Apache Kafka clients for different languages by Confluent, all based on libkafka
sunspot-solr a DSL that exposes the best of the solr search API to the Ruby runtime.
r.js A command line tool for running JavaScript scripts that use the Asychronous Module Defintion API for declaring and using JavaScript modules and regular JavaScript script files
custom-server-controls Custom server controls allow you to create entirely new controls for use with ASP.NET or to derive from existing controls and extend or modify their functionality.
ussd a communication protocol used in GSM
activity-finish null
apscheduler a light but powerful in-process task scheduler that lets you schedule functions to be executed at times of your choosing.
color-space null
calculation null
enable-if a C++ metafunction template with parameters `bool B`, `class T = void`, defined in the Standard C++ header `type_traits`
jasmine-node Integration of Jasmine Spec framework with Node.js
isometric A method for visually representing three-dimensional objects in two dimensions, often referring to isometric tiles.
sortedlist SortedList Represents a collection of key/value pairs that are sorted by the keys and are accessible by key and by index
luajit a Just-In-Time Compiler for the Lua programming language
binutils The GNU binary utilities
inode a data structure found in many Unix file systems
php-curl PHP cURL extension for HTTP requests
spring-web The Spring Web model-view-controller framework.
openstack-nova the project name for OpenStack Compute
winrm Windows Remote Management server
srand a function which initializes the pseudo-random number generator in C/C++ or PHP
perfect-forwarding Perfect forwarding describes a property of C++11 function templates which allows correctly deducing arguments as lvalues or rvalues and forwarding them in the same form to other functions.
oracle-xe Oracle Database Express Edition is an entry-level, small-footprint database, free to develop, deploy, and distribute; fast to download; and simple to administer.
scjp a certification for programmers experienced using the Java programming language
azure-automation Azure Automation helps you spend more of your time focused on work that adds business value
last.fm a music recommendation service.
laravel-socialite a package that provides a simple, convenient way to authenticate with OAuth providers within the Laravel framework.
ios-universal-app an app that can be run both on iPhone, iPhone with retina screen, iPad and iPad with retina screen.
sqlclient Microsoft ADO.NET System.Data.SqlClient, contained in System.Data.dll, used for connecting to SQL Server from .NET applications.
template10 a set of Visual Studio project templates intended for Windows 10 UWP XAML apps written in C#.
stripes an open source web application framework based on the model-view-controller pattern.
file-locking The concept of locking a file to serialize concurrent accesses to said file.
restrict qualify pointer types
google-static-maps The Google Static Map web service dynamically creates a map image based on URL parameters sent through a standard HTTP request and returns …
capitalization Capitalization means changing each first letter of a string to a capital letter.
locks null
javaagents A Java agent allows for the instrumentation of a Java application by using another Java program that is specified on the command line.
uid uid refers to a string used for record keeping which is not guaranteed to be unique, but should be in the large majority of use cases.
ie8-compatibility-mode IE 8 Compatibility View allows content designed for older web browsers to still work well in Internet Explorer 8.
apache-sqoop Data transfer tool between Apache Hadoop and structured datastores like relational databases.
nunit-3.0 Questions related with NUnit version 3.0, for Unit Testing.
sknode the fundamental building block of most Sprite Kit content
jai The Java Advanced Imaging provides powerful collection of methods for image processing and image analysis for Java.
named-parameters Named parameters enable you to specify an argument for a particular parameter by associating the argument with the parameter's name rather than with the parameter's position in the parameter list.
nodatime a .NET library designed to simplify the correct handling of dates and times in the .NET environment.
mmenu a jQuery plugin for creating slick, app look-alike sliding menus for mobile website.
copying refers to the process of making an exact duplicate of a file, database, etc.
createelement a Web API that creates creates the specified HTML element in HTML,In a XUL document creates the specified XUL element,In other documents it creates an element with a null namespaceURI…
device-tree a data structure for describing hardware
dft a specific kind of discrete transform, used in Fourier analysis.
roslyn-code-analysis null
ownership null
amazon-athena a service for running SQL queries against data stored on Amazon S3
surefire used during the test phase of the build lifecycle to execute the unit tests of an application
avalondock a WPF controls library which can be used to create a docking layout system like that is present in VisualStudio
.obj A text-based file format that stores 3d gemoetry.
django-apps reusable collections of django code that use the ORM layer
documentum an enterprise content management platform, now delivered by EMC Corporation, as well as the name of the software company that originally developed the technology.
css3pie CSS3 PIE makes Internet Explorer 6-9 capable of rendering several of the CSS3 decoration features.
bytecode-manipulation Low level Virtual Machine bytecode manipulations
mod-python an Apache module that embeds the Python interpreter within the server.
nsmenuitem The NSMenuItem class from AppKit.framework in Mac OS, defines objects that are used as command items in menus.
keymapping keymapping refers to binding keyboard input to specified output or specified commands
drupal-webform create contests, personalized contact forms, or petitions.
grape-api a Ruby Gem that provides a DSL to easily develop RESTful APIs.
pkg-config computer software that provides a unified interface for querying installed libraries for the purpose of compiling software from its source code.
slimdx an MIT-licensed, open-source framework that allows developers working with managed languages like C# and IronPython to leverage DirectX and many of Microsoft's other gaming-related multimedi…
spring-webflow-2 a web-app framework which helps to define the page navigation rules in a intuitive, and reusable way.
rdfs a set of classes using the RDF extensible knowledge representation language, providing basic elements for the description of ontologies, otherwise called RDF vocabularies, intended to st…
stoppropagation a method of the event object that prevents further propagation of the current event.
sharpsvn a binding of the Subversion Client API for .Net 2.0-4.0+ applications contained within a set of xcopy-deployable dll's
rowcount null
referential-integrity a property of data which requires the value of an attribute/column of a relation table to exist as a value of another attribute/column in another relation table
outlook-2013 a personal information manager , available both as a separate application as well as a part of the Microsoft Office suite.
iocp An I/O Completion Port provides a way to execute asynchronous I/O operations efficiently on Windows.
wstring C++ standard library class to hold strings with wide characters
intuit a software company based in Mountain View, California
django-middleware a framework of hooks into Django’s request/response processing
angular-template for Angular questions which are related to templates topics, such as interpolation , template expressions, template statements, data-binding...
socketserver Python module which simplifies the task of writing network servers.
push-back is the action of adding an element at the end of a container.
order-of-evaluation well-defined rules stating the order in which expressions are evaluated.
orientation-changes different orientations
flying-saucer Flying Saucer is a pure Java library for rendering XML, XHTML, and CSS 2.1 content.
mupdf a lightweight, fast PDF and XPS viewer capable to run on multiple platforms, including Android and iOS
android-layout-weight In Android by setting a layout_weight for the Views inside the LinearLayout, the parent layout divides the available space between its children according to their weights.
wlan A wireless local area network links two or more devices using some wireless distribution method.
sonarqube5.1 the SonarQube 5.1.x specific tag
getdate a T-SQL function available to retrieve the current system date and time.
mel the Maya Embedded Language used to automate processes in the 3D Computer Animation and Modeling software, .
aero the graphical user interface and the default theme in most editions of Windows Vista and Windows 7
android-navigationview One of the features of Android Design Support Library which is bringing a number of important material design components to all developers and to all Android 2.1 or higher devices
apache2.2 for Apache version 2.2.x specific question.
android-event On Android, there's more than one way to intercept the events from a user's interaction with your application
aggregateroot treated as a unit for the purpose of data changes
basex a very light-weight, high-performance and scalable XML Database engine and XPath/XQuery 3.0 Processor, including full support for the W3C Update and Full Text extensions.
chroot an operation that changes the apparent root directory for the current running process and its children.
django-sessions For questions related to Django's session mechanism.
decimal-point separate the integer part from the fraction part in a decimal number
datastage the ETL component of the IBM InfoSphere Information Server suite
nest-api The Nest API allows real time observation and control of Nest devices in the home.
git-reset Sets the current Git repo head to a specified commit and optionally resets the index and working tree to match.
implements a keyword in several programming languages used to denote implementation of an interface.
interbase a SQL standard database system for server, desktop and embedded applications, for installation on Windows, Linux, Solaris and Mac OS X
drupal-taxonomy Taxonomy refers to Drupal's content classification mechanism, organized into vocabularies and terms.
flowlayout Flow layout places components left to right and then top to bottom, allocating just enough place for each component.
conceptual Conceptual questions involve programming problems which are not related to program code itself, but with algorithm logic and program architecture.
abaqus a software suite for finite element analysis and computer-aided engineering
google-assistant-sdk Questions on the Google Assistant SDK, part of the Google Assistant ecosystem
hp-quality-center a web-based system for requirements, test, and defect management.
zoho a SaaS based company which offers a comprehensive suite of on-line business, productivity & collaboration applications.
sin short for sine, mathematical trigonometric function of an angle
webviewclient An Android class to intercept load requests, key events, and other events.
ondestroy Tag for questions related to Android's onDestroy method of Activities and Services.
selectedindexchanged A Microsoft .NET Framework event which occurs when the SelectedIndex property has changed.
static-assert verified at the compilation time
backreference regular expression constructs that make use of capturing in regex to perform replacement based on parts of the matched string captured during a match sequence in the regexp pattern…
angular2-testing null
multibyte PHP provides multibyte specific string functions that help you deal with multibyte encodings
discovery null
authorize-attribute null
redux-observable a redux middleware for performing side effects using RxJS
render-to-texture The ability to use a texture as a target image for rendering.
pagedlist PagedList makes it easier for .Net developers to write paging code
pause null
sql-agent-job null
simplepie a PHP library intended to make it ridiculously easy for people to manage RSS and Atom feeds.
jdbc-odbc The JDBC-ODBC Bridge enables Java applications to access ODBC data sources through the JDBC interface.
definitelytyped The DefinitelyTyped open source project adds TypeScript interfaces and definitions for users to compile against when using popular javascript libraries from their TypeScript code.
logrotate A Linux tool for log files management
android-audiorecord Questions related to audio recording in Android
continuous called continuous if its set of possible values is uncountable, and the chance that it takes any particular value is zero
bindinglist A .Net framework component that provides a generic collection that supports databinding
xserver null
grepl an R function that searches for matches to argument pattern within each element of a character vector.
fork-join Fork-Join means to split the work into fragments and join the results together
non-linear-regression a form of regression analysis in which observations are modeled by a function which is a nonlinear combination of the model parameters and depends on one or more…
customdialog null
quota a limited quantity of things, such as storage, bandwidth, etc.
roi Region Of Interest, a region of an image on which algorithms are executed on.
optionmenu a UI construct that presents the user with a list of options.
kendo-dropdown The Kendo Dropdown represents a richer version of a <select> element, providing support for local and remote data binding, item templates, and configurable options for controlling the list behavior.
air-native-extension a combination of ActionScript classes and native code that provide easy access to device-specific libraries and features that are not available in the built-in Acti…
cab the file extension for the Cabinet archive format used in Microsoft Windows.
iisnode a native IIS module that allows hosting of node.js applications in IIS on Windows.
getopts a Bourne/POSIX shell builtin for parsing command-line options, available in ash, bash, dash, ksh, zsh, ..
securityexception SecurityException indicates a security violation and is thrown when a security error is detected.
google-directory-api Google Apps and reseller administrators can use the Directory API to manage Mobile and Chrome OS devices, groups, group aliases, members, organization units, users, and user aliases.
shorthand null
durandal-2.0 A cross-device, cross-platform client framework written in JavaScript and designed to make building and maintaining Single Page Applications faster and easier.
panel-data A multidimensional dataset usually describing measurements over time for a specific cohort.
stubbing modifying an instance method or property of an object at runtime to extend its functionality.
adobe-edge a suite of web-based tools used to create animations and design websites.
opensaml a java and c++ library that provides low level handling of SAML messages
video-player Plays the video of different formats
xcode3.2 The June 2009 release of Xcode, Apple's integrated development environment for its Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
yui-compressor a utility that can minify/compress JavaScript and/or Cascading Style Sheets to reduce the file payload size for web pages
zend-view provides the “View” layer of Zend Framework 2’s MVC system
jsonserializer The JsonSerializer enables to control how objects are encoded into JSON
azure-diagnostics Allows to collect various diagnostics data from Azure roles to Azure Storage.
sql-server-2014-express For questions specific to the scaled down, free edition of SQL Server 2014
smartface.io Cross Mobile Development Platform
swagger-editor Swagger Editor allows users to create API specifications using YAML inside the browser and to preview documentation in real time.
open-uri a Ruby module included in the standard library, which provides an easy-to-use wrapper for net/http, net/https and net/ftp.
jcl a scripting language used on the IBM mainframe operating systems z/OS and z/VSE to instruct the system on how to run a batch job or start a subsystem
jbuilder a IDE for Java developed by Embarcadero Technologies
visual-studio-2003 a version of Microsoft Visual Studio
spidermonkey Mozilla's JavaScript Engine
fortran95 a minor revision, mostly to resolve some outstanding issues from the Fortran 90 standard
multiple-conditions null
maximo IBM Maximo Asset Management software provides asset lifecycle and maintenance management for all asset types on a single platform.
changeset a set of changes between revisions of files under revision control, which should be treated as an indivisible group .
camelcasing a language-independent naming convention in which an identifier name will start with a lowercase letter and each additional word within the name will start uppercase, such as customerNam…
borrow-checker The borrow checker refers to a compile time analysis of the ownership concept used by the Rust programming language
bootstrap-multiselect Bootstrap-Multiselect refers to David Stutz's JQuery based plugin that provides an intuitive user interface for using select inputs with the multiple attribute present.
arc4random The arc4random function returns pseudo-random numbers in the range of 0 to -1
ab-testing A/B testing, split testing, or bucket testing is a controlled comparison of the effectiveness of variants of a website, email, or other commercial product.
quickcheck a Haskell library for software testing
bootstrap-sass A Sass-powered version of Bootstrap, ready to drop right into your Sass powered applications.
named Anything named - objects, variables, classes..
nuxt.js a framework for server-rendered Vue applications
feedparser A Python library that parses feeds in all known formats, including Atom, RSS, and RDF.
showdialog null
sony-smartwatch a wearable device that connects to Android devices and offers an API for notifications and custom applications.
android-snackbar Snackbars provide lightweight feedback about an operation
highmaps a HTML5 mapping component optimized for creating schematic maps in web based projects
randomaccessfile Creates a random access file stream to read from, and optionally to write to, a file with the specified name.
url-pattern The url-pattern element of a servlet-mapping or a filter-mapping associates a filter or servlet with a set of URLs
perlin-noise procedurally generated gradient noise
rar a proprietary archive file format that supports data compression, error recovery, and file spanning.
setting null
ruby-on-rails-5.1 null
strstr A function that searches a string in another string.
vm-implementation Design and implementation of virtual machines, interpreters, automata, Turing machines
procedural-generation Programmatic generation of content using random or pseudo-random processes, usually on the fly.
datainputstream A DataInputStream lets an application read primitive Java data types from an underlying input stream in a machine-independent way.
entitlements Entitlements confer specific capabilities or security permissions to your app.
doctest The doctest module searches for pieces of text that look like interactive Python sessions, and then executes those sessions to verify that they work exactly as shown
state-monad A monad allowing state information to be attached to calculations
blackberry-playbook BlackBerry PlayBook, a tablet computer running QNX OS.
tokbox TokBox provides a free API that allows anyone to add group video chat features to their own websites
scriptlet a piece of raw Java code embedded in a JSP file which get executed in line with the JSP output.
revit a BIM software tool used by architects, engineers, etc.
phar the PHP Archive format
onkeypress null
active-directory-group Active Directory objects that can contain users, contacts, computers, and other groups
punctuation the marks, such as full stop, comma, and brackets, used in writing to separate sentences and their elements and to clarify meaning.
file-not-found An error, exit status, or exception that indicates that the file denoted by a specified pathname could not be found.
jquery-tokeninput a jQuery plugin which allows your users to select multiple items from a predefined list, using autocompletion as they type to find each item
ibooks an e-book application by Apple Inc.
html-form-post a set of controls that allows a user to enter data that is sent to a server for processing via an HTTP POST request.
manytomanyfield a field of a model class in Django that defines many-to-many relationship
adblock the range of tools aimed to remove advertisements from web-pages.
avassetexportsession An AVAssetExportSession object transcodes the contents of an AVAsset source object to create an output of the form described by a specified export preset.
appender a metaphor for an in logging systems.
android-music-player null
addchild The ActionScript 3 `addChild` function
egg a file used for distributing python projects as bundles; it is usually compressed with the zip algorithm
deobfuscation Figuring out how a program works when that program has been deliberately made difficult to understand
dexterity a content type framework for CMF applications, with particular emphasis on Plone
mysql-management a high performance tool for MySQL database administration and development
ninject.web.mvc extension for ninject providing integration with ASP.NET MVC
namedtuple a data structure provided by the Python collections module
urllib3 a 3rd-party Python HTTP library with thread-safe connection pooling, file post, and more.
mean.io MEAN - Full-Stack JavaScript Using MongoDB, Express, AngularJS, and Node.js.
save-as refers to a common UI prompt type that asks a user under what name they wish to save a file as.
tizen-web-app create interactive Web Applications for Mobile, Wearable, Television.
versions null
rgdal The rgdal package for R provides bindings to the Geospatial Data Abstraction Library and access to projection/transformation operations from the PROJ.4 library.
react-native-flatlist null
cross-join a join operation, that returns the Cartesian product of rows from tables in the join
heap-corruption A type of memory corruption that occurs in a computer program when the contents of a memory location are unintentionally modified due to programming errors
tizen-wearable-sdk Tizen SDK for Wearable allow developers to develop Gear Standalone and Gear Companion Applications.
opendaylight a collaborative open source project that aims to accelerate adoption of Software-Defined Networking and create a solid foundation for Network Functions Virtualization…
outlook-web-addins for questions regarding Outlook web add-ins
rascal an experimental domain specific language for metaprogramming, such as static code analysis, program transformation and implementation of domain specific languages
javafxports an initiative from the Java Community for providing SDK's for JavaFX on Mobile and Embedded platforms
navision the former name of Dynamics NAV, an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft.
http-compression a capability that can be built into web servers and web clients to make better use of available bandwidth, and provide faster transmission speeds between both
z-order an ordering of overlapping two-dimensional elements in a graphical user interface.
artoolkit Questions specific to the ARToolKit augmented reality SDK and to applications of the SDK
antd An enterprise-class UI design language and React-based implementation.
minimization a subclass of mathematical optimization where given a cost or objective function, the goal is to choose the best set of parameters that will minimize the value given by this function.
migradoc an open source .NET library that easily creates documents based on an object model with paragraphs, tables, styles, etc
fasterxml an open source XML and JSON parsing for the Java platform
content-length Entity-header field indicates the size of the entity-body.
angularjs-resource The ngResource module provides interaction support with RESTful services via the $resource service.
kaggle Relating to Kaggle competitions, datasets, or kernels.
cydia an iOS app for jailbroken iPhones, iPod Touches and iPads
c#-7.0 The versions of C#, released in 2017 that adds value tuples, local functions, basic pattern matching, ref locals and returns, async main and various other new features.
calendarview a calendar widget for displaying and selecting dates.
mutation-observers part of the DOM4 specification, and allow callbacks to be triggered when elements of the DOM change.
nosuchelementexception if your problem is caused by or primarily involves a NoSuchElementException in Java.
kernel-extension Questions related to the development of macOS/Darwin kernel extensions, including both the generic and I/O Kit kinds.
simultaneous occurring, existing, or operating at the same time processes; concurrent processes
decoupling the reduction of dependencies between computational parts.
dropdownlistfor Returns an HTML select element for each property in the object that is represented by the specified expression.
jrebel a plug-in for the Java Virtual Machine that enables instant reloading of changes made to a Java class file.
firebase-dynamic-links Firebase Dynamic Links drive usage to your mobile application from sources where only a URL can be provided, such as SMS, email, and marketing promotions
iphone-6-plus the larger-screened Apple iPhone 6, offering NFC and a 5.5" screen size.
indexer null
android-timepicker A view for selecting the time of day, in either 24 hour or AM/PM mode, in Android applications.
asp.net-mvc-scaffolding a scaffolding package for quickly generating a basic outline of your software that you can then edit and customise.
kindle Kindle eBook Reader
system-administration for asking about programs you have written to perform system-administration tasks
facebook-share used to share post or data on facebook.
secret-key a piece of data that is known by a limited number of users / programs and that participates in protecting information
genetic-programming a specialization of evolutionary computation where each individual is a computer program
ngrx-store null
object-lifetime The object lifetime of an object in object-oriented programming is the time between an object is created till the object is no longer used…
minimagick a Ruby wrapper for ImageMagick command line.
mcmc a class of algorithms for sampling from a probability distribution based on constructing a Markov chain that has the desired distribution as its equilibrium…
draftjs a framework for building rich text editors in React, powered by an immutable model and abstracting over cross-browser differences.
emma an open-source toolkit that measures and reports the percentage of Java code covered by unit tests.
google-chrome-headless the headless mode of Chrome and Chromium used for automation, testing, and CI scenarios
cagradientlayer a special purpose `CALayer` subclass for drawing animatable linear gradients
coverflow an animated, three dimensional graphical user interface.
kendo-datasource an abstraction for using local or remote data
buildozer a tool for creating application packages easily.
android-popupwindow an AndroidView Container displayed on top of the current Acticity to show any view.
abstracttablemodel Java abstract class which provides default implementations for most of the methods in the TableModel interface.
shared-element-transition A shared elements transition determines how views that are shared between two activities transition between these activities.
twython An actively maintained, pure Python wrapper for the Twitter API
wavelet analyse/synthesize a signal with wavelet transforms
sharpdevelop a free and open source integrated development environment IDE for the Microsoft .NET, Mono, Gtk# and Glade# platforms, and supports development in C#, Visual …
xuggler Xuggler provides an easy, open source way to uncompress, modify, and re-compress any media file which is supported in FFMPEG from Java.
azure-api-apps part of the Azure App Service suite that also includes web apps, mobile apps, and logic apps.
line-numbers The line number of a line of text or code inside a file, often for debugging.
distortion null
xcode5.1 Xcode 5.1 includes SDKs for OS X 10.9 Mavericks, OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion, and iOS 7.1.
python-telegram-bot a Python library that wraps around the Telegram bot API.
late-binding a mechanism in which the method being called upon an object is looked up by name at runtime.
remoteview A class specific to Android that describes a view hierarchy that can be displayed in another process
ektron refers to the Ektron CMS400.NET content management system.
ivr a system that provides callers to a telephony network, typically an organization or call center, with an automated interface
custom-errors a mechanism used to provide custom error pages in ASP.NET based web applications.
cups the standards-based, open source printing system for Mac OS X and other UNIX®-like operating systems.
dom4j an open source library for working with XML, XPath and XSLT on the Java platform using the Java Collections Framework and with full support for DOM, SAX and JAXP.
railscasts Short Ruby on Rails screencasts containing tips, tricks and tutorials.
googlevis The googleVis package provides an interface between R and the Google Chart Tools, formerly know as Google Visualisation API.
wlst a command-line scripting environment that can be used to create, manage, and monitor WebLogic domains
hybridauth Open source social sign on PHP Library
facebook-timeline a special view of Facebook data aggregating all Open Graph events related to you from birth until now
mailmessage The MailMessage class can be considered the foundation class of the System.Net.Mail namespace.
searchkick looking for
angular-fullstack Related to Angular Full-Stack Generator project : https://github.com/angular-fullstack/generator-angular-fullstack
integer-arithmetic Anything related to integer arithmetic, i.e
hierarchicaldatatemplate a subclass of `DataTemplate` that allows you to bind directly to a hierarchy of objects
zshrc the configuration file for zsh.
apache-fop a document rendering engine that implements the W3C XSL-FO 1.1 Specification.
github-flavored-markdown calling for messages, issues, and comments
git-revert Revert changes of a commit in a Git repository
nonlinear-functions A function that does not validate the additivity or homogeneity properties is characterized as non-linear.
mach-o Executable file format utilized by Darwin.
openflow a communications protocol that gives access to the forwarding plane of a network switch or router over the network
weighted null
json-web-token a compact, URL-safe means of representing claims to be transferred between two parties.
veins an open source framework for running vehicular network simulations.
silent null
spritebuilder a free and open source visual game editor for building iOS, Android and OS X apps
template-haskell a GHC extension to Haskell that adds compile-time meta-programming facilities
openembedded a software framework to create Linux distributions aimed for, but not restricted to, embedded devices.
scrollmagic a jQuery plugin which essentially lets you use the scrollbar like a playback scrub control.
memory-efficient for questions related to memory efficient code/applications/etc
android-exoplayer an application level media player for Android.
android-uiautomator The uiautomator testing framework lets you test your user interface efficiently by creating automated functional UI testcases that can be run against your app on one or more devices.
adobe-reader a free application for viewing, printing and filling PDF documents.
advertisement null
django-1.5 a version of the Django framework, released in February 2013
bytestring A time and space-efficient implementation of byte vectors for Haskell.
mix a build tool that provides tasks for creating, compiling, testing Elixir projects, as well as handle dependencies, and more.
gz a file format used by the gzip application that compresses/decompresses files or streams.
panels control used to sub-divide the form according to functionality
panoramas a wide view resolution view
gprof a GNU tool used for code profiling.
keyvaluepair Defines a key/value pair that can be set or retrieved.
spectrum The frequency domain of a wave-like function.
dosbox x86 Emulator for old PC applications
mdichild MDI stands for Multiple Document Interface
mailkit a cross-platform .NET mail-client library optimized for mobile.
sbt-native-packager designed to package software built with the sbt build system into native packaging systems such as msi, deb, rpm, etc.
dbnull a special value in ADO.Net indicating that the value is NULL in the database.
rssi RSSI stands for Received signal strength indication
pg-dump a utility for backing up a PostgreSQL database.
angularjs-components a special kind of directive that uses a simpler configuration which is suitable for a component-based application structure
recurring null
chocolatey a Windows apt-get like global automation tool .
carthage a decentralized dependency manager for Cocoa projects, able to build dependencies for providing dynamic frameworks
cumulative-sum null
nserror a Cocoa class that encapsulates richer and more extensible error information than is possible using only an error code or error string.
leveldb a fast key-value storage library written at Google that provides an ordered mapping from string keys to string values.
p-value In statistical significance testing the p-value is the probability of obtaining a test statistic at least as extreme as the one that was actually observed.
text-formatting null
throughput null
swift-extensions Extensions add new functionality to an existing class, structure, or enumeration type.
spring-batch-admin Spring Batch Admin provides a web-based user interface that features an admin console for Spring Batch applications and systems.
sim-card a chip that is used to identify and authenticate subscribers on Mobile devices
smartgit a cross-platform visual client version control system for Git, Mercurial and Subversion, that can run on Windows, Linux and Mac OS.
procedures null
ios-extensions App Extensions for iOS development.
linegraph a type of chart which displays information as a series of data points called markers connected by straight line segments
msys2 a modern rewrite of MSYS, both of which are Cygwin forks with the aim of better interoperability with native Windows software
lang Any HTML element may have a lang attribute with a value from the IETF's list of language codes
appbar An application desktop toolbar is a window that is similar to the Windows taskbar.
slot a method callback used to handle a signal in some gui frameworks like QT - see for instance: http://doc.qt.io/qt-4.8/signalsandslots.html
var-dump a PHP function that dumps information about a variable.
selectors-api The Selectors API provides methods that make it quick and easy to retrieve Element nodes from the DOM by matching against a set of selectors.
lotus-formula Internal Lotus Notes formula language
mongo-shell an interactive JavaScript shell for MongoDB, and is part of all MongoDB distributions
emoticons Anything related to emoticons or , i.e
eol short for
devart a software development company specializing in native data access solutions, tools and database tools for the most popular databases, including MS SQL Server, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Inte…
delimited-text null
allegro5 the fifth version of the Allegro game programming library for C/C++ developers
arrow-keys The up, down, left, and right keys on a keyboard, also known as .
replacewith JQuery .replaceWith method
objectid used, among other reasons, to refer back to the object at a later time in the program
android-architecture-components A new collection of libraries that help you design robust, testable, and maintainable Android apps
python-wheel a ZIP-like archive format for Python packages with the .whl extension.
fputcsv a PHP function that formats a line as CSV and writes it to the specified file handle
frama-c an Open Source suite of tools dedicated to the analysis of C source code.
ssas-tabular The SQL Server Analysis Services tabular model is an in-memory, relational database constructed with tables which can have multiple columns data.
google-direction null
continuous-delivery Continuously building, testing and deploying applications to prove which instances are fit to be deployed to production.
in-app Refers to issues related to in-app purchases in any app development framework.
ngrok ngrok provides https tunnels from the internet to local machines with the ability to capture and replay traffic.
usage-statistics Questions about how to gather, manage or deal with data usage statistics of any software
openquery a T-SQL function that allows for executing a pass-through query on a linked server
listpreference An Android class that represents a Preference that displays a list of entries as a dialog.
boost-interprocess a part of the C++ Boost library
boost-mpl a general-purpose, high-level C++ template metaprogramming framework of compile-time algorithms, sequences and metafunctions
shadowbox a web-based media viewer application that supports all of the web's most popular media publishing formats
datagridcomboboxcolumn a DataGridColumn implementation for ComboBox'able cells
date-parsing Date-parsing refers to programming logic which reads one or more parameters, attempts to match it to a supported or specified date format, then returns the resulting Date if successful.
exchange-server-2007 Released to business customers as part of Microsoft's roll-out wave of new products
wikidata a free, collaborative, multilingual database, collecting structured data to provide support for Wikipedia, Wikimedia Commons, and the other wikis of the Wikimedia movement
drilldown To drill down means to move from summary information to detailed data by focusing in on something
elevated-privileges higher privileges, offered by an operating system, usually higher than normal user's privileges.
formal-languages The study of formal languages concerns the definition, description and parsing of sets of strings over finite sets of symbols
ironruby an open-source implementation of the Ruby programming language which is tightly integrated with the .NET Framework.
quadtree a geometric data structure for storing points in two-dimensional space
openejb an embeddable and lightweight EJB 3.0 implementation that can be used as a standalone server or embedded into Tomcat, JUnit, TestNG, Eclipse, IntelliJ, Maven, Ant, and any IDE or app…
openweathermap A free online service for retrieving weather data
pbkdf2 PBKDF2 is a key derivation function that is part of RSA Laboratories' Public-Key Cryptography Standards series.
vivado The Vivado® Design Suite delivers a SoC-strength, IP-centric and system-centric, next generation development environment that has been built from the ground up to address the productivity bottlenecks …
transcoding the direct digital-to-digital data conversion of one encoding to another
subform for questions related to a Subform, which is part of a bigger form.
subset-sum In computer science, the subset sum problem is one of the important problems in complexity theory and cryptography.
truststore truststore contains certificates from other parties that you expect to communicate with, or from Certificate Authorities that you trust to identify other parties.
tiled a general purpose tile-based game map editor under GPL license
visual-c#-express-2010 a free, lightweight Integrated Development Environments developed by Microsoft
jgroups a Java networking library that supports reliable group communication over UDP or TCP.
levels null
negative-lookahead for questions about regular expression negative lookahead functionality.
faker An extension or library used in certain programming languages or frameworks for generating fake data for debug purposes and testing.
cometd a scalable HTTP-based event routing bus that uses a Ajax Push technology pattern known as Comet
qweb the template engine used by the OpenERP/Odoo Web Client
v4l2 a video capture interface for a variety of video capture devices tested to be fully compatible with Linux
oozie-coordinator The Oozie Coordinator system allows the user to define and execute recurrent and interdependent workflow jobs
wcf-web-api The WCF Web API project allows WCF developers to expose their APIs via HTTP
theming the modification of the user interface of a software application without affecting its functionality
pdfmake Client/server side PDF printing in pure JavaScript
google-talk is an XMPP based web chat service provided by Google and the name of its official client.
dynamic-language-runtime The Dynamic Language Runtime from Microsoft is an ongoing effort to bring a set of services that run on top of the Common Language Runtime and provides language services for several differ…
android-studio-2.1 Android Studio 2.1, the latest version of its integrated development environment , with support for the Android N developer preview and faster Instant Run.
android-instant-apps special kind of native mobile apps that can be run instantly on Android device, without prior installation, just by clicking on a web link
mobx-react null
jquery-events used to register behaviors to take effect when the user interacts with the browser, and to further manipulate those registered behaviors.
jquery-forms-plugin The jQuery Form Plugin simplifies the process of submitting a form via Ajax and displaying the results within the current page.
mahout-recommender A collaborative filtering engine takes users' preferences for items and returns estimated preferences for other items.
cublas The NVIDIA CUDA Basic Linear Algebra Subroutines library is a GPU-accelerated version of the complete standard BLAS library for use with CUDA capable GPUs.
mapply R function that applies a function to multiple lists or vector arguments.
chi-squared Anything related to chi-squared probability distribution or chi-squared statistical test .
diffie-hellman Diffie-Hellman, commonly abbreviated DH, refers to a public key cryptographic protocol used by two parties to produce a common shared secret.
3des the common name for the Triple Data Encryption Algorithm block cipher, which applies the Data Encryption Standard cipher algorithm t…
2sxc Anything related to 2sxc, the content-management module & app-engine for DNN/DotNetNuke.
android-collapsingtoolbar a wrapper for Toolbar that provides several visual effects that are bind to the content scroll events.
asyncfileupload the process of asynchronously uploading files from a web page.
email-templates HTML based documents typically used in conjunction with email marketing services to send branded messages.
bzip2 a Unix command used for compression and decompression of files
drawstring a method in the .Net Framework's System.Drawing namespace, by which code can draw text onto an image in .Net code
junit5 Version 5 of the popular JUnit testing framework for the JVM
vapor A web framework and server for Swift that works on macOS and Linux.
pycuda the Python module which provides a comprehensive pythonic interface to the NVIDIA CUDA GPU computing environment.
reserved-words specific words in any language which are banned from use by authors, because of the special meaning they have in the language.
large-data-volumes null
entry-point For questions concerning the of an application or library
xcode9-beta the beta release of Xcode Tool
azure-blob-storage a cloud service for storing unstructured binary data
user-interaction the dialog that occurs between a human being and a computer program.
vertex-buffer an object that enables transmitting a collection of vertices to a graphics device for non-immediate or streaming rendering.
lookbehind a part of the regular expression standard.
localizable.strings null
nsurlsessiondownloadtask a concrete subclass of NSURLSessionTask
manifest.mf common to list the contents of a distribution in a manifest file
dynamic-loading Mechanism for a computer program to load a library into memory at runtime
epson Seiko Epson Corporation, commonly known as Epson, is a Japanese electronics company and one of the world's largest manufacturers of computer printers, and information and imaging related equipment.
imdb an online database of information related to films, television programs, and video games
browser-plugin Browser-plugins allow to display content in browsers that they don't support natively
cs-cart PHP- and MySQL-based opensource software, but it works as a commercial shopping cart solution.
avconv a very fast video and audio converter that can also grab from a live audio/video source
mongo-java null
bayesian-networks A Bayesian network, Bayes network, belief network or directed acyclic graphical model is a probabilistic graphical model that represents a set of random variables and their conditional dependencies vi…
google-apis-explorer if you have questions about the Google API Explorer or while using it to query an API
fips The term commonly refers to the Federal Information Processing Standards Publication 140 , a document published by the National Institute of Standards and Technology , a U.S
scoring an application of Machine Learning
side-effects a programming term that refers to intended changes in the program behavior, such as a variable changing value
computation paramount to the discipline of computer science, and deals with the type and use of computing technology in information processing, in particular, in the context of an algorithm, or a p…
sliding-window advancing sub-lists inside lists which allow, e.g., computation of a record's change from the previous record or next record
php-openssl Using this extension, PHP can use some OpenSSL functions to do direct encryption
inline-formset a small abstraction layer on top of model formsets
boxlayout a Java Swing layout manager that allows multiple components to be laid out either vertically or horizontally.
unix-socket a technology for interprocess communication on a single computer.
map-function a higher-order function that applies a function to each element in a list, building a list of the results
tabpage null
symfony4 a PHP framework developed by SensioLabs
android-nested-fragment Nested android fragments represent fragments which are embedded in other fragments.
appendto used to insert any of the matched DOM elements at the end of the target DOM element
mib an acronym for Management Information Base in use with the SNMP Protocol.
sungridengine Oracle Grid Engine, previously known as Sun Grid Engine , CODINE or GRD , is an open source batch-queuing system, devel…
disabled-control null
django-serializer Django provides serializers for serializing models into common data formats such as JSON and XML
cabal-install a package manager and dependency resolver for building and installing Haskell libraries.
import-from-csv Import from CSV refers to execution of a script that parses a CSV file and imports structured data.
g-wan a web server with scripts in Asm, C, C++, C#, D, Go, Java, Javascript, Lua, Objective-C, Perl, PHP, Python, Ruby and Scala.
extjs6-classic The classic toolkit provides traditional Sencha Ext JS application support
f#-data The F# Data library implements data access functionality for F# applications and scripts
mongrel an open-source HTTP library and web server written in Ruby.
n1ql Couchbase's next generation SQL like query language that allows for running queries for documented oriented databases.
jaws-screen-reader a computer screen reader program for Microsoft Windows.
web-forms-for-marketers a Sitecore CMS module used to simplify the creation of forms within Sitecore CMS.
tweak A tweak refers to a customization of a software application intended to facilitate its integration within the host system.
command-pattern a design pattern in which an object is used to represent and encapsulate all the information needed to call a method at a later time
ofbiz an open source product for the automation of enterprise processes that includes framework components and business applications for ERP , CRM
ocunit a unit testing framework for the Objective-C language and included with Apple's Xcode IDE since Xcode 2.1.
uipopover a common misrepresentation of UIPopoverController, which is used in iOS to manage the presentation of content in a popover.
unwind-segue Unwind segues give a way to one or more steps in navigation hierarchy
python-c-extension modules written in C/C++ and can be imported and used by python interpreter
prism-4 Prism, formerly known as , provides guidance designed to help you more easily design and build rich, flexible, and easy-to-maintain Windows Presentation Foundation
casbah Casbah integrates a Scala toolkit layer on top of the official MongoDB Java driver.
denied Anything related to the refusal of a system to accomplish some operation requested by an user
declarative a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation without explicit describing its control flow.
cumsum a MatLab, NumPy, Pandas and R function that returns the cumulative sum along different dimensions of an array.
build-tools tools designed to help and automate the process of compiling, packaging and deploying software.
roku a video streaming player and platform, developed and sold by the company
astropy Questions related to Astropy, a community Python package for Astronomy
alfresco-webscripts Web scripts provide a way to write small extensions to Alfresco using JavaScript and FreeMarker.
ekevent A class in the iOS Event Kit Framework that allows an instance of it to represent an event from a calendar.
mongojs a Node.js package to access MongoDB.
viewwillappear UIViewController instance method that notifies the view controller that its view is about to be added to a view hierarchy.
pty a pseudo-terminal - it's a software implementation that appears to the attached program like a terminal, but instead of communicating directly with a terminal, it transfers the input a…
splinter an open source tool for testing web applications using Python
ebnf EBNF stands for Extended Backus-Naur Form, or Extended Backus Normal Form
ngx-bootstrap ngx-bootstrap contains all core Bootstrap components powered by Angular
map-projections A map-projection transforms the coordinates of the spherical earth to a flat map in cartesian space.
moles Moles - an isolation framework for Microsoft .NET
string-conversion the act of converting data to and from character strings
byte-buddy a code generation and manipulation library for creating and modifying Java classes during the runtime of a Java application and without the help of a compiler
midlet an application that uses the Mobile Information Device Profile of the Connected Limited Device Configuration for the Java ME environment
google-calendar-api3 null
html-escape-characters special codes, used to display Unicode characters including those which can't be typed on a standard keyboard and those having a special meaning to HTML.
repetition null
shelve Shelve can refer to either a Python object persistence or a pending change in a Visual Studio Workspace
odeint a modern C++ library for numerically solving Ordinary Differential Equations.
registrykey null
wss-3.0 Windows SharePoint Services version 3.0
data-recovery if your question is about recovering data you lost on your device
discord.py Python 3 library for performing common operations on the official Discord API.
writing null
lcdui user interface package in Java ME MIDP API
database-relations a data structure which consists of a heading and an unordered set of tuples which share the same type.
ubuntu-11.10 Ubuntu release that was released on 13 October 2011.
receiver An object that receives some message broadcast from the system.
pwm a technique for controlling power to electrical devices, made practical by modern electronic power switches.
bare-metal In a bare-metal environment, the software runs directly on the hardware without the intermediary layer of an operating system.
wifip2p an Android framework that complies with the Wi-Fi Alliance's Wi-Fi Direct™ certification program
boost-variant a C++ library containing a safe, generic, stack-based discriminated union container, offering a simple solution for manipulating an object from a heterogeneous set of types in a unifo…
boost-regex a C++ regular expression library with optional Unicode support through ICU.
xfbml eXtended FaceBook Markup Language, a extension of XHTML used by Facebook applications and sites using the Facebook Javascript SDK.
coupon For questions related to performing discounts on eCommerce transactions.
gridcontrol The grid control displays data by means of views
binaryformatter a serializer built into the .net framework
android-tabactivity an Activity class that contains and runs multiple embedded activities or views.
collectors a mutating reduction operation on a Stream
extensibility a system design principle where the implementation takes future growth into consideration
mockmvc the key part of the Spring MVC Test framework is
multi-user Software which allows a single computer to provide access for more than one user at the same time
random-seed used to initialize a pseudo-random number generator in many programming languages.
cherry-pick In source control management, the act of selectively pulling single changes from peer to peer is called .
avcapturedevice AVCaptureDevice represents a physical capture device and the properties associated with that device
buildbot an open-source framework for automating software build, test, and release processes.
html-editor a software application for creating web pages.
flash-cs3 the version 3 of Adobe Flash Professional tool, part of Adobe's Creative Suite.
gdbserver GDB remote application debugging through gdbserver
paw-app a REST client for OS X
oci8 the driver used to connect various programming languages to an Oracle database
qliksense a data analytics and visualization platform created and distributed by Qlik Corporation
scandir List files and directories inside the specified path
swfupload A JavaScript/Flash library for uploading files to a server
terminal-services Terminal Services provides the ability to host multiple, simultaneous client sessions on Windows Server 2003.
relational-division Operation in relational algebra or in an RDBMS to partition relations
ng2-bootstrap an angular2 library for using bootstrap3 or bootstrap4 with angular2
python-mock A test utility that patches objects with user-defined code or data.
angular-chart a set of AngularJS bindings for the Chart.js library
cloning null
sqrt `sqrt` function returns the positive square root of a number in several programing languages.
underscore.js-templating specifically for the templating system questions, with underscore.js's _.template function.
viewbox a very useful control in WPF
voxel a volume element, representing a value on a regular grid in three dimensional space.
sankey-diagram a kind of flow diagram, in which the width of the arrows is shown proportionally to the flow quantity
radius Remote Authentication Dial In User Service, a protocol that allows for different management types
recipe a set of instructions that describe how to prepare or make something, with respect to computing it's typically used to describe a set of rules used to manage building cod…
godaddy due for removal.
maxmind an industry-leading provider of IP intelligence, online fraud detection tools and geolocation databases.
cache-manifest a part of the deprecated HTML5 application cache feature, which is intended to provide users with the ability to access a web application even without a network connec…
bloodhound the typeahead.js suggestion engine
c#-to-f# topic is about converting C# code to F#, or learning F# from the perspective of someone with C# background.
tag-helpers server-sided classes used for rendering HTML content
sine Anything related to the mathematical sine function, usually abbreviated as `sin` and often found with this name as a library function in most programming languages.
intellij-13 a popular IDE by JetBrains
html.actionlink an HTML Helper in ASP.NET MVC framework
sender the conventional name of an input parameter to an event handler in some object-oriented languages and their frameworks, for example Objective C and Cocoa, or C# and .NET.
springfox all about automating the generation of machine and human readable specifications for JSON APIs written using the spring family of projects.
autorun provide automatic launch options when removable media is loaded on Windows computers
gentoo a computer operating system built on top of the Linux kernel and based on the Portage package management system
pushwoosh a free real time cross-platform push notification service for iOS, Android, BB, Windows, PhoneGap, Unity, Marmalade, Adobe AIR, etc
canvasjs an easy to use HTML5 & JavaScript Charting library built on Canvas element
writeablebitmap null
dropshadow null
caldav CalDAV is an Internet standard allowing a client to access scheduling information on a remote server.
crt For issues relating to utilizing the C runtime library.
darwin the open-source core of macOS, iOS, tvOS and watchOS
appearance null
android-radiobutton Radio buttons allow the user to select one option from a set.
adc a device that converts a continuous signal to a serie of digital numbers.
gridster a jQuery plugin that allows building intuitive draggable layouts from elements spanning multiple columns.
eddystone an open source beacon specification using Bluetooth low energy.
webix a JavaScript UI Library with lightweight ready-made widgets and controls based on HTML5 and CSS techniques for enterprise JavaScript UI web apps development
jsonstore an API in the IBM Worklight product
office-automation for questions related to automating MS Office Products
fbx an Autodesk proprietary file format used to provide interoperability between digital content creation applications like 3ds Max, Maya, MotionBuilder.
docpad a language agnostic document management system built on Node.js
vegan a package for use with R for the analysis of ecological communities, especially vegetation communities
angular2-changedetection null
synology Network Attached Storage manufacturer.
reference-type In programming language theory, a reference type is a data type that refers to an object in memory.
qtwebengine QtWebEngine integrates the chromium rendering engine into Qt.
riscv a new instruction set architecture that was originally designed to support computer architecture research and education and is now set become a standard open architecture for industry …
dummy-variable used to include categorical or qualitative variables or factors into a regression model in R programming language for statistical computing, bioinformatics, and graphi…
low-latency For questions pertaining to the measurement or improvement of latency in a system.
adview an API to show advertisements from Google Admob / AdSense on smartphones and tablets on the Android, iOS and Windows Mobile platforms.
sharepoint-list to identify questions related to the developing against SharePoint Lists including built-in lists like document libraries, event lists, discussion lists etc
3d-reconstruction In computer vision and computer graphics, 3D reconstruction is the process of capturing the shape and appearance of real objects.
accessibilityservice An Android service which runs in the background and receives callbacks by the system when accessibility events are fired.
apache-airflow a platform to programmatically author, schedule, and monitor workflows.
delphi-2006 a specific version of Delphi
content-assist the functions provided by IDEs that help a developer to write code more quickly and efficiently.
c#-to-vb.net Conversion of code written in C# to Visual Basic .NET .
arr Application Request Routing helps administrators optimize resource utilization for application servers to reduce management costs for Web server farms and shared hosting environments.
begininvoke The Windows-specific Dispatcher.BeginInvoke API method
semantic-versioning a community-driven version numbering standard proposal
google-app-maker should be used for questions and helpful insights about Google's early-access App Maker.
extending null
coinbase-api Questions about the Coinbase API for buying, selling, storing, and transferring digital currency
mediacontroller a view containing controls for a MediaPlayer
ns-3 a event driven simulator to model different types of networks
maintainability Maintainability refers to the nature, methods, theory and art of maximizing the ease with which an asset may be sustained, modified or enhanced throughout the duration of its expected useful life.
flex-mobile Questions concerning the mobile classes created in Flex version 4.5 and higher.
broadleaf-commerce An open-source, eCommerce framework written in Java using Spring Framework & Hibernate.
nsautoreleasepool support Cocoa’s reference-counted memory management system
php-include The `include` function in PHP includes code from other PHP files and copies them into the file that uses the include statement.
redactor Beautiful and easy-to-use WYSIWYG html editor
jks a repository of cryptographic keys and certificates - used for instance in TLS encryption
imagelist null
database-table In a relational database management system a table organizes the information in rows and columns
alerts null
gauge A measurement component, typically using a fix dial and a rotating hand.
gate a Java framework for developing natural language processing applications.
keylogger Keystroke logging
flowlayoutpanel Represents a winforms container that dynamically lays out its contents horizontally or vertically.
hibernate-5.x Hibernate-the object-relational mapping framework for the Java language released new version 5.x with enhanced features like query parser,multi-tenancy improvements,follow-on fetches,OSGi improvements…
roblox an online development platform targeted at kids and teens
spray-json null
windows-scripting Windows Scripting refers to any of the various scripting technologies that ship with Microsoft Windows products.
user-data null
virtual-hosts a method for hosting multiple domain names on a single server .
overhead any combination of excess or indirect computation time, memory, bandwidth, or other resources that are required to attain a particular goal.
django-mptt an implementation Modified Preorder Tree Traversal for handling trees of Django Model instances.
data-import the automated or semi-automated input and output of data sets between different software applications.
entity-framework-6.1 a minor update to Entity Framework 6 and includes a number of bug fixes and new features.
vuetify.js a semantic material component framework for Vue.js 2.
google-plus-signin a secure authentication system which reduces the burden of login for your users, by allowing them to login with their Google account
google-schemas metadata schemas that are added to emails, allowing contextual information to be displayed in Gmail, Google Searches, and Google Now.
gpx a light-weight XML data format for the interchange of GPS data
minesweeper an abstract puzzle, quite popular as a target of sample programs in different laguages.
codeigniter-routing Questions about routing a particular URI, or pattern of URIs to a controller class and method, within the CodeIgniter PHP framework.
callkit a framework for iOS that lets VoIP apps integrate with the iPhone UI, and has app extensions that enable call blocking and caller identification.
bignum Common computer-jargon term to refer to arbitrary-precision math and data-types
before-filter null
annotate null
object-reference a pointer to an object stored in memory
pysnmp a python package used for native python snmp transactions.
restler a micro framework that can expose any PHP class and its methods as Pragmatic and/or RESTful API
toolstrip .net framework class which provides a container for Windows toolbar objects
snort a open-source network intrusion detection/prevention system .
javascriptcore a framework that provides a JavaScript engine for WebKit implementations, and provides this type of scripting in other contexts within Mac OS X and iOS.
hugo a static site generator written in Go.
sshd the server side process to which SSH clients can connect and invoke commands and services
np-complete NP-Complete refers to the hardest known problems within the complexity class NP
facet-wrap null
genesis a premium parent theme / framework for WordPress
tinkerpop3 an open source graph technology stack, providing a storage agnostic interface to graph databases and graph analytics frameworks
gsuite Questions about the APIs for Google's G Suite of apps for companies.
concurrent.futures a Python module which provides a high-level interface for asynchronously executing callables.
android-adapterview a view whose children are determined by an Adapter.
urlopen a method of the urllib library in Python, used to open a particular URL.
type-constraints Constraints can be associated with a type parameter of a generic
decrement Subtracting one from the value of a variable, generally with the use of an decrement operator.
array-push array-push refers to the javascript Array.prototype.push method
wrappanel null
stormpath a paid scalable cloud-based user management and authentication service with free tier
ujs an unobtrustive JavaScript adapter for jQuery, provided by the Ruby on Rails project
hadoop-partitioning Hadoop partitioning deals with questions about how hadoop decides which key/value pairs are to be sent to which reducer .
beamer a LaTeX class for creating presentations.
calabash-android an automated acceptance testing framework for Android native and hybrid applications.
microsoft-band Microsoft's wearable device.
optparse a deprecated command-line argument parser for Python included in the standard library; it is also a non-deprecated command-line argument parser for Ruby.
.net-remoting a legacy technology of the .NET Framework for distributed applications
android-wear-data-api part of Google Play services, provides a communication channel for your handheld and wearable devices.
hint null
forge a collaboration platform allowing collaborative software development over the Internet
function-composition Applying one function to the result of another is known as function composition: ` = f`
e4x E4X was an extension to ECMAScript which allowed for native handling of XML.
appcelerator-alloy Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's 'Alloy' MVC
nexus-7 the first tablet by Google in the Nexus line of devices.
backbone-relational Get and set relations for Backbone models.
wso2-emm WSO2 Enterprise Mobility Manager is a comprehensive platform that helps solve mobile computing challenges enterprises face today when dealing with both corporate owned, personally enabled
data-integrity taking steps to ensure that data will not be accidentally or maliciously changed or altered, or verifying whether data has already been changed in such a way
blackjack to get your cards as closer to 21 then the dealer, while not going over
pci-e a peer 2 peer interconnect which is based on PCI and PCI-X
q-lang a programming language by kx.com for querying kdb+ databases.
removeall null
weekday A day of the week
tab-completion Most shells provide tab completion where a user can type part of a command or file name, and then press tab to make the shell complete the command
termination null
swagger-codegen Swagger Code Generator allows the generation of API client libraries, server stubs and documentation by an OpenAPI specification.
spork A DRb server for testing frameworks that forks before each run to ensure a clean testing state.
square-root a number y such that y^2 = A, or, in other words, a number y whose square is A.
windows-update Windows Update , a service offered by Microsoft, provides updates for the Microsoft Windows operating system and its installed components, including Internet Explorer
scrollspy ScrollSpy may refer to the MooTools plugin or a similar jQuery plugin, such as the one popularly used in Bootstrap
perfmon launch Performance Monitor for Microsoft Windows.
codable only for questions directly pertaining to the Swift Codable protocol introduced in Swift 4.
xa XA allows to execute global transactions that access more than one resource
dynamics-nav an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft.
froala a commercial jQuery based WYSIWYG text editor built with the latest technologies and industry trends in mind.
coreclr new .NET Core runtime
gist a simple way to share snippets and pastes with others.
gzipstream a .NET 2.0+ class for compression and decompression using gzip format.
sentinel a loop exit value or list delimiter whose value is outside the range of valid input, such as -1 for a zero-based array index, or ~ for alphabetic strings.
android-5.1.1-lollipop an update to the Lollipop release that offers new features for users and app developers
android-async-http A Callback-Based Http Client Library for Android.
parameterized-query A pre-compiled and optimized SQL statement that can be executed multiple times by changing certain constant values during each execution
mediator The mediator pattern defines an object that encapsulates how a set of objects interact
pixel-shader Pixel shaders, also known as fragment shaders, compute color and other attributes of each fragment
css-specificity a measure that determines the strength of a selector
docker-networking null
javascript-debugger tools that let you debug your JavaScript code by pausing the execution at any time, step through the code and see what each variable available looks like at that moment.
automated-refactoring Automated refactoring refers to the restructuring of source code where a computer program does the structure modification, usually guided by user input
scrapyd a daemon for managing `Scrapy` projects
numpy-broadcasting The term broadcasting describes how NumPy treats arrays with different shapes during arithmetic operations
globals null
wix3.8 For issues relating to deployment using WiX toolset, version 3.8.
audio-player An software specialized in playing audio of different formats and/or manage audio libraries.
android-anr-dialog The Android dialog message
xml-documentation the way to generate automatic documentation from comments inside the code, to an XML formatted file that can be shown with any method, for e.g
.post A jQuery wrapper for an AJAX call using the HTTP POST method to send variables asynchronously from the current page without reloading or leaving the current page
password-recovery The process of recovering passwords from data that have been stored or transmitted by a computer system.
egl an interface between Khronos rendering APIs such as OpenGL ES or OpenVG and the underlying native platform window system
rollingfileappender log4j RollingFileAppender extends FileAppender to backup the log files when they reach a certain size.
emu8086 8086 source editor, assembler, disassembler, and software emulator
inference the act or process of deriving logical conclusions from premises known or assumed to be true
imagesource null
mktime a function that returns the time since the UNIX epoch from a given date and time
nsurlcache a class that is used in ios developing for caching the responses of the URL
jgrasp a lightweight development environment, created specifically to provide automatic generation of software visualizations to improve the comprehensibility of software.
jformattedtextfield JFormattedTextField extends JTextField adding support for formatting arbitrary values, as well as retrieving a particular object once the user has edited the text.
spatial-query a special type of database query on geodata
text-rendering Text rendering means processing text for display to a user
tabbarcontroller null
tclientdataset TClientDataset represents an in-memory dataset implementing a database-independent dataset
robospice an Open source library for Android to perform long running background tasks
sammy.js a tiny javascript framework built on top of jQuery, It's RESTful Evented Javascript.
qlistview a UI control part of the Model/View architecture of the Qt Framework.
vendor null
netstream The NetStream class opens a one-way streaming channel over a NetConnection.
docking arranged inside a container
localtime null
gobject GObject provides a portable object system and transparent cross-language interoperability.
git-fork git-fork refers to creating a new git repository based on the current one.
frequency-analysis null
acra a free library for automatically reporting crash or debug information from an Android application to some server over the network.
afnetworking-3 a networking library for iOS and Mac OS X
assimp Open Asset Import Library is a portable Open Source library to import various well-known 3D model formats in a uniform manner
chown a command is used to change the owner and/or group membership of a file or set of files.
replicaset used mostly for a MongoDB replica set and rarely for a Kubernetes ReplicaSet
responsiveness Responsiveness describes the ability of an UI element or dialog to respond on user interaction within an acceptable time frame.
iphone-standalone-web-app purely web-browser-based and runs outside of Mobile Safari in a chromeless browser using the meta declaration: <meta name= /…
qbxml used communicate with most versions of Quickbooks, including Online Edition
rancher an open source project that provides a complete platform for operating Docker in production.
navicat a series of graphical database management and development software produced by PremiumSoft CyberTech Ltd
nodelist The NodeList interface provides the abstraction of an ordered collection of nodes, without defining or constraining how this collection is implemented
slave null
box-shadow The box-shadow CSS property describes one or more shadow effects as a comma-separated list
dna-sequence A string representing the nucleotide sequence of the deoxyribonucleic acid, the molecule that holds the genes that constitute the genetic code.
java-memory-model The Java Memory Model describes which executions of a program are legal by determining what value can be observed when reading a shared variable according to certain rules.
bi-publisher Business Intelligence Publisher - Oracle's reporting application.
treegrid A graphical user interface element that presents data in tree view.
paradigms A tag for questions relating to the world view underlying a particular software methodology or theory.
ant-contrib collection of tasks for Apache Ant.
arcmap a piece of software within the ArcGIS suite
affiliate a type of performance-based marketing in which a business rewards one or more affiliates for each visitor or customer brought by the affiliate's own marketing efforts.
2-way-object-databinding Two-way data binding refers to two components acting as the source object for the destination properties of each other.
base-url null
which The selection of a set of data from another set.
c1-cms a free open source Content Management System
eonasdan-datetimepicker a datepicker widget by Eonasdan that uses Twitter's bootstrap library
qlist a class in Qt that implements a list, providing fast index-access, as well as fast insertions and removals of elements.
lc3 an educational assembly language, designed to help teach low-level programming
doctrine-query one of the Doctrine 2 ORM key features, it is the option to write database queries in a proprietary object oriented SQL dialect.
runas a Windows command which allows a user to run a specific program under the credentials of another user.
rowfilter null
setstate null
precedence null
variations null
preflight an HTTP OPTIONS request that browsers send to servers before trying certain kinds of cross-origin requests — in order to determine if a server has opted-in …
kibana-5 an open source analytics and visualization platform designed to work with Elasticsearch
cognos-bi a web-based, integrated business intelligence suite by IBM.
jmonkeyengine A 3D game engine written in and for Java
marmalade a cross platform SDK, earlier known as Airplay SDK, developed by Ideaworks Game Studio
pushsharp a server-side library for sending Push Notifications to iOS/OSX , Android and Windows .
stun STUN stands for Session Traversal Utilities for NAT
styled-components a JavaScript library for styling React applications
shared-folders null
dimensional-modeling the name of a set of techniques and concepts used in data warehouse design
copy-protection Copy protection, also known as content protection, copy obstruction, copy prevention and copy restriction, is any effort designed to prevent the reproduction of software, films, music, and other media…
code-metrics quantitative data pertaining to source code, e.g
chutzpah an open source JavaScript test runner which helps you integrate JavaScript unit testing into your website
cardview a widget for implementing 'card-styled' views in Android.
install.packages The R function to install packages from a specified package repository.
execvp a POSIX specified function from the exec* family, which replaces the current process with one specified
fuseki a SPARQL server
memory-barriers a special processor instruction that imposes restrictions on the order in which memory accesses become visible to other processors/cores in a multi-processor or multi-core system.
modular null
jxbrowser a Chromium-based Swing/JavaFX web browser which allows to embed a web browser in java applications.
m2crypto the most complete Python wrapper for OpenSSL featuring RSA, DSA, DH, HMACs, message digests, symmetric ciphers ; SSL functionality to implement clients and servers; HTTPS ex…
floor A function common to many programming languages that returns the next lowest integer value by rounding the value down if necessary.
hubot a an automation service / application
cakephp-2.2 relates to the 2.2.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
chart.js2 a JavaScript library for creating animated, interactive graphs for inclusion on web pages.
sharepoint-api Microsoft SharePoint API
asynchttpclient Asynchronous HTTP client library for Java: https://github.com/AsyncHttpClient/async-http-client
passport-facebook Passport strategy for authenticating with Facebook using the OAuth 2.0 API
mapquest The MapQuest iOS Maps API features routing, geocoding, geolocation, overlays, access to OpenStreetMap data, MapQuest Open Services etc
symfony-2.7 the Symfony 2.7.x specific tag
opencart-module used for some special functionality you want in your store, which are not provided by default.
modelattribute null
android-jobscheduler for questions related to the Android JobSchedule API for scheduling various types of jobs against the framework that will be executed in your application's own process.
sphinx4 a part of CMUSphinx Speech Recognition Toolkit
idataerrorinfo Provides the functionality to offer custom error information that a user interface can bind to.
prettyfaces the leading `/url/#{rewriting}` solution for Servlet, JSF, and Java EE
sproutcore an advanced HTML5 application framework.
silent-installer an installation program that does not display any configuration options or any other indication of the installation during the installation process
shell-extensions COM objects that extendeds functionality of Windows Explorer.
packing for questions related to packing, which can extend from struct packing to grouping elements together.
oracle-coherence Oracle Coherence provides replicated and distributed data management and caching services on top of a reliable, highly scalable peer-to-peer clustering protocol.
cronexpression a string comprising 5 or 6 fields separated by white space that represents a set of times, normally as a schedule to execute some routine.
prerequisites something, normally a piece of software, that is required to perform another task
eclipse-gef For questions about the Eclipse Graphical Editing Framework.
webservices-client a consumer of a defined web service, based on its contract and constraints .
flexigrid a lightweight jQuery data grid with resizable columns and scrolling data to match the headers
ie-developer-tools For questions concerning Internet Explorer's built-in developer tools .
system.net.mail a namespace of the .NET framework
spnego SPNEGO is a GSSAPI that is used to negotiate one of a number of possible real mechanisms.
cdc CDC may refer to the Communication Device Class
colon refers to the ASCII colon character.
ghost a simple blogging platform
recursive-datastructures a datastructure that contains one or several references to instances of the same datastructure as a member.
osx-server OS X Server was a server operating system distributed by Apple Inc
httpcookie A class in the System.Web namespace of the .NET framework which provides a type-safe way to create and manipulate individual HTTP cookies.
password-hash a hash digest of a password obtained using a one-way hashing algorithm
superscript a number, figure, symbol, or indicator that is smaller than the normal line of type and is set slightly above the baseline.
calibration for questions related to the process of adjusting the output or indication on a measurement instrument.
bluehost a hosting provider
conditional-comments a feature of Microsoft's Internet Explorer web browser
ikvm a JVM written on the CLR, allowing you to execute Java code using the Microsoft CLR run-time or Mono.
fetchxml A proprietary query language used in Dynamics CRM
duck-typing In Duck Typing, an object's methods and properties determine its valid semantics rather than its membership in a particular class or its interface.
drush a command line shell and scripting interface for Drupal, a veritable Swiss Army knife designed to make life easier for those of us who spend some of our working hours hacking away at the comm…
ecmascript-next For questions about upcoming ECMAScript features that are not scheduled to be part of a specific version yet .
html-rendering the process by which a web browser parses HTML and CSS and draws it on the user's screen.
jwplayer6 The v6 of JW Player - a popular Flash and HTML5 web video player.
mql Freebase's Metaweb Query Language or FOREX MetaTrader Terminal platform MetaQuotes Language
mbunit a generative unit test framework for the .NET Framework.
codeigniter-datamapper An ORM library for CodeIgniter that builds on CodeIgniter's existing ActiveRecord library
bem an abbreviation for Block-Element-Modifier
plane null
visual-studio-sdk The Visual Studio SDK includes documentation, samples, and code to help you develop products that integrate with the Visual Studio product family.
autoresizingmask Cocoa Touch bit-field mask for determining the behavior of UIView objects relative to their parent views when the parent view is resized.
multipleselection May refer to a scenario where you can select multiple items from a list of items in a user interface.
java-metro-framework a mature web services framework for Java.
data-integration the combination of technical and business processes used to combine data from disparate sources into meaningful and valuable information
intptr a .NET Framework platform-specific type that is used to represent a pointer or a handle.
linked-data Linked Data refers to a set of best practices for publishing data on the Web under the Semantic Web standards
waf a Python-based framework for configuring, compiling and installing applications
prng PRNG - Pseudorandom number generator, A pseudorandom number generator , also known as a deterministic random bit generator , is an algorithm for generating a sequence of numbers that ap…
stimulsoft a company involved in developing tools for generating reports
webusercontrol null
timeoutexception thrown when the time allotted for a process or operation has expired.
traefik a modern HTTP reverse proxy and load balancer made to deploy microservices with ease
unsupervised-learning Unsupervised learning refers to machine learning contexts in which there is no prior 'training' period in which the learning agent is trained on objects of known type
svn-checkout Questions regarding SVN checkout operations.
sparc SPARC Sun Microsystems's specific CPU.
onitemclick a callback method invoked when an item in an Android AdapterView has been clicked.
scripting-language a programming language that supports the writing of scripts, programs written for a software environment that automate the execution of tasks which could alt…
sdp The Session Description Protocol describes multimedia sessions for the purpose of session announcement, session invitation and other forms of multimedia session initiation.
qpid a cross-platform enterprise messaging system which implements the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol , providing message brokers written in C++ and Java, along with clients for C+…
react-select A Select control built with and for React JS
author a person who usually is the creator of certain content
rhodes an open source Ruby-based cross-platform development framework designed to create native applications
telecommunication Telecommunication domain relates to wireless standards like GSM, GPRS, UMTS, LTE, WiMAX, IEEE 802.11
wso2cep WSO2 Complex Event Processor identifies the most meaningful events within the event cloud, analyzes their impacts, and acts on them in real time.
dbscan DBSCAN means density-based spatial clustering of applications with noise and is a popular density-based cluster analysis algorithm.
numericupdown a WPF/WinForm control that represents a numeric textbox that can be increased or decreased in value
double-precision Anything related to double-precision floating-point arithmetic and data-types
modelbinders null
raml RESTful API Modeling Language
arules an R package, which provides the infrastructure for representing, manipulating and analyzing transaction data and patterns: frequent itemsets and association rules
contentobserver Receives call backs for changes to content
nitrousio NitrousIO was a cloud IDE
nsmutableattributedstring null
not-exists NOT EXISTS works like EXISTS, except the WHERE clause in which it is used is satisfied if no rows are returned by the subquery.
eventbrite the leading self-service event management platform, helping you to create, manage, and promote local events online - http://developer.eventbrite.com
exponentiation Anything related to the exponentiation operation, i.e
emacs23 Version 23 of the GNU Emacs text editor.
dynatree a JavaScript tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, multiple selection, drag and drop, and dynamic Ajax loading.
drawtext null
http-status-code-500 meaningless for categorizing your question.
hexdump a hexadecimal view of data
mrjob a Python 2.5+ package that assists the creation and running of Hadoop Streaming jobs
mopub a hosted ad serving solution built specifically for mobile publishers
jaydata a standards-based, cross-platform Javascript library and a set of practices to access and manipulate data from various online and offline sources.
cmyk CMYK refers to the standard color model, and related techniques, involved with the four-colour printing process: Cyan, Magenta, and Yellow, and Key .
bulk-load To bulk load means to import a data file in a user-specified format into a database table or view.
shake An effect or gesture of rapid vibration
aeson A Haskell JSON parsing and encoding library optimized for high performance and easy usage
zigbee a wireless networking protocol built upon the 802.15.4 communication standard.
drools-guvnor a centralised repository for Drools Knowledge Bases, with rich web based GUIs, editors, and tools to aid in the management of large numbers of rules.
tapply a function in the R programming language for apply a function to subsets of a vector.
gwt-platform a framework to facilitate the development of large applications for the Google Web Toolkit .
maven-jaxb2-plugin This Maven 2 plugin wraps the JAXB 2.x XJC compiler and provides the capability to generate java sources from schemas.
mysql-error-1054 ERROR 1054 : Unknown column 'table.column' in '? clause'
rte an interface for editing rich text within web browsers, which presents the user with a editing area.
jsse a Java implementation of Secure Sockets Layer and Transport Layer Security protocols
launch4j Cross-platform Java executable wrapper for creating lightweight Windows native EXEs
project-planning This tags groups questions about techniques, tools, processes and procedures for organize software development tasks
plunker an online community for creating, collaborating on and sharing web development ideas.
text-size Text size may refer to the height and width dimensions of a string rendered onto a screen or into a view.
unordered-set an associative container that contains set of unique objects
uimenucontroller The singleton UIMenuController instance presents the menu interface for the Cut, Copy, Paste, Select, Select All, and Delete commands
ticker null
wshttpbinding a WCF binding class that uses HTTP or HTTPS as a transport protocol and is complaint with a variety of WS* standards
ribbon-control null
laravel-mix Laravel Mix provides a fluent API for defining Webpack build steps for your Laravel application using several common CSS and JavaScript pre-processors.
hyphen null
automapping The convention-based Auto Mapping feature of Fluent NHibernate
inline-editing a quick way to update database information by making changes directly in the row of the grid.
topology the mathematical study of the properties that are preserved through deformations, twistings, and stretchings of objects
jmock a helper framework for test-driven development and unit testing.
gorilla a web toolkit for the Go programming language
qabstractitemmodel a class in the Qt framework
theorem-proving Theorem proving, currently the most well-developed subfield of automated reasoning, is the proving of mathematical theorems by a computer program.
android-radiogroup used to create a multiple-exclusion scope for a set of radio buttons
cg a high-level shading language developed by Nvidia.
celerybeat The Celery periodic task scheduler
concurrent-programming programming refers to software paradigms where system-design allows multiple actions to be executed one independently of any other, while system resources become available, without any ad…
django-1.9 a version of the Django framework, released December 2015
jelastic Platform-as-a-Service for developers with support of Java, PHP, Ruby, Node.js, Python and Docker-based applications
kohana-orm ORM module of Kohana HMVC PHP5 Framework
kotlin-android-extensions Questions related to Kotlin Android Extensions
mpmediaitem Class form Apple MediaPlayer framework
msal The Microsoft Authentication Libraries gives you the ability to add support for Azure Active Directory v2 and B2C
knockout-mvc a web framework for ASP.NET MVC based on the popular Knockout.js JavaScript library
fields-for In Ruby on Rails this creates a scope around a specific model object like #form_for, but doesn’t create the form tags themselves
gadt a more powerful form of algebraic data types that support custom constructor types.
devstack A documented shell script to build complete OpenStack development environments and maintained by the OpenStack developer community
density-plot A density-plot illustrates the relative likelihood of a variable to take on a given value.
blockui jQuery plugin which prevents user activity with the page while it is triggered and until some action will unlock it
dfs a distributed filesystem from Microsoft
auditing null
archiva is an open source repository management software
ampl an algebraic modeling language for mathematical optimization
accelerate-framework a set of high-performance numerical libraries provided by Apple for iOS and OS X
accounting Systematic recording, reporting, and analysis of financial transactions of a business.
simplesamlphp an award-winning application written in native PHP that provides authentication and authorization infrastructure focused on the Security Assertion Markup Language .
xml-comments written in XML.
zeroclipboard library that provides an easy way to copy text to the clipboard using an invisible Adobe Flash movie, and a JavaScript interface
texas-instruments an American company that designs and makes semiconductors, which it sells to electronics designers and manufacturers globally.
trayicon for questions about creating a tray icon for a software application, customising the behaviour of a tray icon, and adding application control or monitoring to a tray icon
windowsiot Windows IoT Core is a specialty version of Windows 10 for embedded devices like Raspberry Pi 2, Raspberry Pi 3 and MinnowBoard Max
firebase-crash-reporting an indispensable tool for diagnosing and fixing problems in your mobile app
google-admob null
android-ibeacon An Android library providing APIs to interact with iBeacon technology.
sl4a Scripting Layer for Android, a library for executing scripting languages on Android
skshapenode An SKShapeNode object draws a shape defined by a Core Graphics path
node-inspector a debugger interface for Node.js applications that uses the Blink Developer Tools .
omnipay a framework agnostic, multi-gateway payment processing library for PHP 5.3+
sourcetree a free Mercurial and Git Client for Windows and Mac that provides a graphical interface to connect with Git and HF services.
ienumerator IEnumerator and its generic counterpart IEnumerator<T> are .NET interfaces which facilitate iteration through items in a collection.
newtons-method In numerical analysis, Newton's method is a method for finding successively better approximations to the roots of a real-valued function.
crossrider a cloud-based development framework that enables developers to easily create cross browser extensions while maintaining a single codebase.
stringtemplate A templating language which strictly enforces model/view separation
openfl For questions relating to the OpenFL software development kit.
orchardcms-1.8 a free, open source, community-focused project aimed at delivering applications and reusable components on the ASP.NET MVC platform
serenity-bdd Serenity BDD helps you write cleaner and more maintainable automated acceptance and regression tests faster
revolution-slider Used for wordpress and jquery based slider by themepunch.com called slider-revolution
truncation The process of shortening data by discarding a portion of it.
webtest WebTest helps you test your WSGI-based web applications, which includes most actively developed Python web frameworks.
vfs Virtual File System provides a single API for accessing various different file systems
launching-application null
xcode6.3 Related to the specific version of the Apple's IDE, Xcode 6.3
yield-return a C# construct that's used to create an iterator block, which makes implementing IEnumerable<T> easier.
youtrack an issue-tracker designed for software development teams
qsqlquery The QSqlQuery class, part of the Qt framework, provides a means of executing and manipulating SQL statements.
idl-programming-language Interactive Data Language, a dynamically typed programming language used primarily for image analysis and data visualization
uigraphicscontext not a class as you might think, but a set of functions that allows access to functions of CGContext
dbexpress Embarcadero's data driver architecture replacing the deprecated Borland's BDE.
ruby-datamapper a Object Relational Mapper written in Ruby
ax one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
cbind S3 generic, with methods for data frames
android-sharing the action of sending data to a different application or device .
typename a keyword in the C++ programming language with two meanings
view-scope The View Scope means that you can keep the object alive as long as you are staying on the view .
applinks an open, cross-platform solution for app-to-app linking that gives the tools need to expose deep links in the app or to link out to others.
jls the definitive technical reference of the Java programming language.
qfiledialog a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a dialog allowing users to select files or directories.
xml-attribute xml attributes deliver additional information about xml elements/tags.
ulimit ulimit gets or sets the upper limit for resources available to the current shell.
ultragrid a component of the Infragistics NetAdvantage suite
android-gesture A package in the Android SDK that provides classes to create, recognize, load and save gestures
iccube A JAVA in-memory OLAP/MDX server coupled with a modern Web/Tablet Reporting Javascript solution.
expert-system In artificial intelligence, an expert system is a computer system that emulates the decision-making ability of a human expert.
laravel-middleware a mechanism for filtering HTTP requests that are passing through your application
multilabel-classification Multi-label classification refers to the problem in Machine Learning of assigning multiple target labels to each sample, where the labels represent a property of the sample point and need not be mutua…
arff An ARFF file is an ASCII text file that describes a list of instances sharing a set of attributes
circuit In a programming context, a circuit usually refers to a combination of logical operators to achieve a desired response
dacpac DACPAC, or Data-tier Application Component Packages, is a feature in SQL Server 2008 that allows developers to package database changes into a single file in Visual Studio and send it to the DBAs for …
code-readability how easy it is to understand a piece of code
excel-dna an independent open-source project to integrate .NET into Excel
cppunit a macro-based unit testing framework for C++.
simple-schema A simple, reactive schema validation package for Meteor
mongoimport The mongoimport utility provides a route to import content into MongoDb, from a JSON, CSV, or TSV export created by mongoexport, or potentially, another third-party export tool
tsconfig configuration for TypeScript projects
arm-template used to deploy all the resources required for an application to Azure
switching a telecommunication device that receives a message from any device connected to it and then transmits the message only to the device for which the message was meant
opencmis a collection of Java libraries, frameworks and tools around the CMIS specification
angularjs-ng-change The ngChange allows to evaluate given expression when user changes the input.
coercion Coercion, type conversion and typecasting are different ways of, implicitly or explicitly, changing an entity of one data type into another.
catalina Tomcat's component that interacts with Java servlets
slim-3 the successor to Slim 2, a micro framework for PHP.
qtcpsocket The QTcpSocket class, part of the Qt framework, provides a TCP socket.
rhel6 For development issues encountered while using Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6
virtual-method a method whose behavior can be overridden within an inheriting class by a function with the same signature.
t4mvc an open source utility for Microsoft ASP.NET MVC
rebus a lean service bus implementation for .NET, similar in nature to NServiceBus, MassTransit, only leaner.
radix-sort a sorting algorithm which sorts key/value pairs with integer keys by ordering digits.
palette A helper class of Android to extract prominent colors from an image.
php-5.2 the successor to PHP 5.1
ppm a pixmap image format used by the Netpbm library and other graphics software.
onmouseout Fires when the user moves the mouse pointer outside the boundaries of the object.
subtotal The total of part of a series of numbers
shopping null
skew null
haversine an equation important in navigation, giving great-circle distances between two points on a sphere from their longitudes and latitudes.
read.csv The command in R to read a data file with a “comma separated values” format.
android-sdk-manager for questions/doubts/problems about downloading the Android SDK tools, platforms, and other components you need to develop your apps, using the Android SDK Manager
dbase dBase II was the first widely used database management system for microcomputers
android-background null
redbean an open-source ORM library written for PHP.
boost-propertytree The Boost PropertyTree library provides a data structure that stores an arbitrarily deeply nested tree of values, indexed at each level by some key
writefile null
zombie-process On Unix and Unix-like computer operating systems, a zombie process or defunct process is a process that has completed execution but still has an entry in the process table
aot In Microsoft Dynamics AX, application objects are defined in the Application Object Tree and are instantiated at runtime
detach null
chunking 1
cgi-bin a special folder in web server's files and folder structure, designed to contains executable scripts written in CGI
microbenchmark A microbenchmark attempts to measure the performance of a bit of code
mallet a Java-based package for statistical natural language processing, document classification, clustering, topic modeling, information extraction, and other machine learning applications to text…
jasmine-jquery An extension to Jasmine JavaScript library for easier testing jQuery functions.
jquery-mobile-listview used for data display, navigation, result lists, and data entry in
libssh2 A client-side library that implements the SSH2 protocol.
kernighan-and-ritchie Questions about or related to the book by Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie.
mantis a free popular web-based bugtracking system
find-occurrences null
http-response-codes HTTP Response Codes indicate whether a specific HTTP requests has been successfully completed
git-lfs Questions about Git Large File Storage.
build-system software tools designed to automate the process of program compilation.
iterable-unpacking A Python feature in which elements of an iterable are simultaneously assigned to multiple variables, e.g
rotational-matrices Rotational Matrices, also called direction cosine matrices, are matrices that represent a rotation from one coordinate frame to another in Euclidean space.
avx2 an instruction set extension for x86
bibtex a file format or tool for specifying bibliography entries, mostly used in tex-based document builders
dancer a lightweight yet powerful web application framework for Perl, inspired by Sinatra
pyopencl PyOpenCL provides Pythonic access to the OpenCL parallel computation API.
working-directory null
table-valued-parameters a new parameter type in SQL Server 2008
pentaho-data-integration Tag to be used for Pentaho Data Integration
pebble-sdk a software development kit for the Pebble smartwatch and the Pebble App Store
jlayeredpane a Java Swing component that adds depth to a JFC/Swing container, allowing components to overlap each other when needed.
jmenubar Java swing implementation of a menu bar
actionevent a kind of semantic event which indicates occurrence of an action generated by a component like a button
pfobject Tag for questions involving Parse Framework Object .
scala-cats a library that provides abstractions for functional programming in Scala.
facebox a jQuery-based, Facebook-style lightbox which can display images, divs, or entire remote pages.
multivalue The term refers to a nested data structure where a data column in a database table can contain multiple levels of nested columns.
unity2d only for 2D Game Development using Unity
flatmap a Scala function that works by applying a function that returns a sequence for each element in the list, and flattening the results into the original list.
snap-framework a simple web development framework, written in the Haskell programming language.
ollydbg a Ring3, Win32 debugger.
mysql-5.6 for the questions related to the version 5.6 of mysql database.
readdir The C, Perl or PHP library function for reading from an open directory.
dash A POSIX-compliant shell implementation that aims to be as small as possible
sketchup a simple, easy-to-use 3D drawing program
simplejson Simple, fast, extensible JSON encoder/decoder for Python.
template-toolkit a fast, flexible and, highly extensible template processing system for Perl
timeit A Python built-in module for measuring execution time of small code snippets.
uncaught-typeerror Uncaught TypeErrors occur when a program attempts to operate upon a datum assuming it is of one type when it is not and the programming language declares that to be an error
pci-compliance The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard is a set of requirements designed to ensure that ALL companies that process, store or transmit credit card information maintain a secure envi…
setvalue an ambigious tag askers use to indicate they have a problem assigning a value to .
radcombobox An ASP.Net UI component provided by the vendor Telerik
webclient-download the .NET API for uploading and downloading files to and from the remote locations as specified by a URI
submit-button An HTML tag typically found at the end of a FORM section that, when clicked, sends the form data to the server.
svn-externals svn:externals allow a part of an external Subversion repository to be checked out within another working copy, by setting the svn:externals property on a directory in that working copy.
softmax null
dashing A Sinatra based framework for building dashboards in simple way, it uses premade widgets, or fully create your own with scss, html, and coffeescript.
latin1 Latin1 - ISO-8859-1.
inet INET Framework for OMNeT++ to simulate network communications.
flask-socketio Flask-SocketIO lets Flask python applications access low latency bi-directional communications between the clients and the server
fmod FMOD consists of a runtime library and sound design tool used for the creation and playback of interactive audio.
chrome-custom-tabs Chrome Custom Tabs provides a way for an application to customize and interact with a Chrome Activity on Android, to make it a part of the application experience, while retaining the full functionalit…
chromebook a Google netbook which runs the cloud operating system Chrome OS.
ess an emacs add-on for editing scripts and interacting with statistical programs such as R, Stata or SAS.
es6-module-loader ES6 Module Loader Polyfill dynamically loads ES6 modules in browsers and NodeJS with support for loading existing and custom module formats through loader hooks.
livechat software or web widget which allows users to communicate with each other, or with an administrator in real time.
android-fullscreen in full screen mode when it occupies all the available space on the screen surface
.net-micro-framework a CLR and set of libraries that runs on tiny low-cost microcontrollers with limited resources
cv2 the Python wrapper for the OpenCV image processing library.
merge-replication A type of replication in SQL Server in which Publishers and Subscribers can work autonomously and later reconnect, synchronize, and merge data changes to achieve convergence among all nodes in the top…
google-data-api Services at Google provide external access to data and functionality through APIs
floating-point-conversion Anything related to converting a floating point number to and from other representations.
maskedtextbox A useful .NET control that allows a user to display and edit values based on the mask defined.
ios6.1 iOS 6.1 was released by Apple on Jan 28, 2013
msgbox used in Visual Basic to display a dialog box to the user, wait for a button to be clicked and return the result to the caller
noscript an HTML element used to provide fallback content for scripts which fail to execute if the browser does not support the scripting language or if the user has disabled client-side scripting.…
nstimezone Time Zone data for iOS and Mac OS X
f#-3.0 F# 3.0 introduced the concept of Information Rich Programming, consisting of F# LINQ Queries, the F# Type Provider mechanism, and a set of built-in type providers for enterprise and web data standards…
endpoints null
ecmascript-harmony the code name for proposals aiming to extend the current ECMA-262 specification.
get-childitem a powershell cmdlet that gets the items and child items in one or more specified locations.
hockeyapp a cloud-hosted solution for the collection of real-time crash reports and user feedback, as well as beta app distribute for iOS and Android.
itextpdf part of the package name of iText, a PDF library available on itextpdf.com
p4v the cross platform GUI for the Perforce revision control system.
aurelia-cli The command line tooling for Aurelia, used for creating projects, scaffolding, bundling and more.
bitbucket-pipelines Questions relating to using the Bitbucket Pipelines CI service.
polymer-starter-kit Build tools & boilerplate for creating production-quality web apps using Polymer.
wicket-6 Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
xilinx-ise the toolchain package for programming Xilinx FPGAs in VHDL and Verilog.
mixed-mode any application that combines native code with managed code .
jqxgrid a jQuery widget from jQWidgets toolkit that displays tabular data
restrictions A set of limiting conditions or measures to delimit the behavior of software.
type-families Haskell language extension to facilitate type-level programming, via ad-hoc overloading of *data types*
webmail short form of Web Based Email Service
hwioauthbundle HWIOAuthBundle adds support for authenticating users via OAuth in Symfony2.
cudnn The NVIDIA CUDA Deep Neural Network library is a GPU-accelerated library of primitives for deep neural networks.
scala-java-interop This pertains to calling Scala code from Java or vice-versa.
category-theory a branch of abstract mathematics concerned with exposing and describing the underlying structure of logical and mathematical systems
intervention an open source PHP image handling and manipulation library
intl a PHP extension which give ability to use Unicode, software internationalization and globalization from the ICU library.
datagridviewcombobox null
linkify An Android utility class with which you can easily link to for example webpages, phone numbers or e-mail adresses.
react-virtualized React components for efficiently rendering large lists and tabular data
spoofing used to describe a variety of ways in which hardware and software can be fooled
vk the largest European social network with over a 100 million active users.
tomahawk a JSF component library
praw a python package used to access and interact with the reddit API.
sitemesh a Java web application development framework developed by OpenSymphony.
stargazer an R package that produces LaTeX code for well-formatted tables that hold regression analysis results from several models side-by-side, as well as summary statistics.
textureview display a content stream
cloud9 a cloud-based development environment that combines an online code editor with a full Ubuntu workspace
facebook-graph-api-v2.0 For using the Graph API v2.0, Your SDK may need updates, or you may need to update the paths you use to call into the graph API
seconds null
nunjucks A rich and powerful templating language for JavaScript
qfile a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides an interface for reading from and writing to files.
test-suite Test Suite: A set of several test cases for a component or system under test, where the post condition of one test is often used as the precondition for the next one.
xmlbeans a technology for accessing XML by binding it to Java types.
calllog a historical list of all made and received phone calls.
devexpress-windows-ui Questions about controls in DevExpress WinForms libraries
iterm an enhanced terminal emulator for OS X
gitpython a python library used to interact with Git repositories
getresource null
encog an advanced neural network and machine learning framework.
nslocale Locales encapsulate information about linguistic, cultural, and technological conventions and standards
jqgrid-formatter For questions relating to code using jqgrid-formatter
jpopupmenu the Java Swing implementation of a popup menu, a small window that pops up and displays a series of choices
justify A text alignment mode where every line has the same width
kernel32 Anything related to MS Windows Kernel API , residing in the `kernel32.dll` library
nsexception a Mac Developer Library class used to implement exception handling and contains information about an exception.
nlme An R package for fitting Non-Linear Mixed Effects statistical models.
mute null
gmsmapview the main class of the Google Maps SDK for iOS and is the entry point for all methods related to the map.
downgrade refers to the process of replacing a particular system with a older version of the same system
dd A low-level command-line tool on Unix-like operating systems to copy and convert files.
cscope a code searching application originally written for searching C code bases
cmdlet a lightweight Windows script that performs a single function.
chartkick Create beautiful Javascript charts with one line of Ruby.
default-parameters a function or method parameter that has a default value provided to it
git-add git-add - Add file contents to the index
tuckey-urlrewrite-filter An rule-based URLRewrite filter for Java Servlet technologies, similar to apache's mod_rewrite.
textchanged An event that occurs when the text/content of a UI element has changed.
windows-desktop-gadgets the official name for the default widget interface on Windows 7
ngrx-effects for questions related to the effects package of the ngrx platform.
pentaho-cde Community Dashboard Editor from Open-source provider of reporting, analysis, dashboard, data mining and workflow capabilities.
datepickerdialog An Android dialog that displays a date picker
multi-project null
clang-format a tool to format C/C++/Java/JavaScript/Objective-C/Protobuf code.
lame a high quality MPEG Audio Layer III encoder licensed under the LGPL
swc a package of precompiled Flash symbols and ActionScript code that allows a Flash or Flex developer to distribute classes and assets, or to avoid recompiling symbols and code that …
tryparse Converts the string representation of an object to its typed equivalent
wc a standard POSIX command that counts words, lines, and characters.
wildfly-9 WildFly, formerly known as JBoss AS, or simply JBoss, is an application server authored by JBoss, now developed by Red Hat
win32-process null
reflector a proprietary software utility for Microsoft .NET combining class browsing, static analysis and decompilation, originally written by Lutz Roeder
pimpl-idiom The Pimpl idiom, also known as the compilation firewall or Cheshire Cat technique, is a technique useful in C++ and other similar statically compiled languages.
social-media the social interaction among people in which they create, share or exchange information and ideas in virtual communities and networks.
background-subtraction a Computer-Vision technique that given a frame sequence from a fixed camera, processes pixels and separates them into foreground and background pixels.
touchesmoved for questions related to touchesMoved:withEvent, a UIResponder event-handling method in the UIKit framework and MonoTouch.UIKit Namespace.
incompatibility null
medical Related to coding solutions in the field of medicine
google-finance a service used to track stock and portfolio information
design-principles ideas that guide developers toward certain goals in software design.
ruby-1.9.2 For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.9.2
gridpane GridPane lays out its children within a flexible grid of rows and columns
fragment-backstack Akin to the Android Activity backstack, the Fragment backstack is a task-like stack of Fragments
broker null
jmh a Java harness for building, running, and analysing nano/micro/macro benchmarks written in Java and other languages targetting the JVM.
maven-failsafe-plugin used to run integration tests with Maven build tools.
logparser A log parser extracts data from a log file into a more specific data structure, making the log information easier to process
email-spam the use of electronic messaging systems to send unsolicited bulk messages indiscriminately.
wia the still image acquisition platform in the Windows family of operating systems starting with Windows Millennium Edition and Windows XP.
basichttpbinding Represents a binding that a Windows Communication Foundation service can use to configure and expose endpoints that are able to communicate with ASMX-based Web services and clients and other ser…
contactless-smartcard a smartcard with a contactless communication interface in addition to or instead of a contact smartcard interface
databricks For questions about the Databricks for use with the open source Apache Spark project.
dojox.grid Data Grid module of Dojo Toolkit .
argument-dependent-lookup A form of name lookup in C++ which allows function names to be found in namespaces associated with the arguments used in the function call.
affinity Anything related to processor affinity, also known as CPU pinning
exim a message transfer agent for Unix systems, which routes and handles email.
gdk tag things that relate to the GIMP Drawing Kit
ndk-build Android NDK's shell script for building C and C++ source code
neat an open source semantic grid framework built on top of Sass and Bourbon.
memsql a distributed, in-memory, SQL database management system
mandelbrot a fractal in the complex plane.
isotope a client-side JavaScript library that provides masonry-style grid and table layouts, along with data sorting and filtering.
expandable Expandable refers to a property of some UI elements which can be expanded by a user gesture such as hovering or clicking on them.
editorfor null
glyph The shape of a character as rendered
google-nearby Covers both Nearby APIs from Google
hoisting Hoisting means that local variables inside the scope of a function are treated as if they are declared at the start of the function's evaluation regardless of where they actually are declared.
ibm-connections social software for business that lets you access everyone in your professional network, including your colleagues, customers, and partners
arbitrary-precision All questions concerning numbers which support extremely high precision: Libraries in programming languages , support of arbitrary precision in computer algebra systems
kendo-dataviz create charts and dashboards
date-difference Date-difference will give difference in the number of days, months, years etc
bufferedinputstream An abstract mechanism for reading a data stream into a buffer, for improved reading performance
mapfragment The Android Fragment that represents a Map component in an Android app.
android-billing a Google Play service that lets you sell digital content from inside your applications.
ups an international shipping-company
jcifs an Open Source client library that implements the CIFS/SMB networking protocol in 100% Java.
object-recognition The computer vision task of finding and identifying objects in an image or video sequence
gridlayoutmanager A RecyclerView.LayoutManager implementations that lays out items in a grid
nuget-server Hosted or on-premise NuGet package repositories based on the open-source NuGet Gallery or NuGet.Server library.
magento-1.9.1 1.9.0.1 resolved the two issue fixed on 1.9.0 and released on May 16, 2014.
aspect a module implemented in an Aspect-Oriented Programming language that contains code for a cross-cutting concern, like logging or security
reindex null
siteminder an application sold by Computer Associates that allows web assets to require authentication before access is given.
squirrel-sql a graphical Java program that will allow you to view the structure of a JDBC compliant database, browse the data in tables, issue SQL commands etc.
word-2010 to be used for Microsoft Word version 2010, a non-free commercial word processor designed by Microsoft
usergroups For questions relating to user groups, in a security or permissions context, independent of platform.
pinax an open-source platform built on the Django Web Framework.
plone-4.x a open source content management system developed in the Python which is used to create the any kind of website, including blogs, internet sites, webshops and internal websites
sasl the Simple Authentication and Security Layer, a method for adding authentication support to connection-based protocols.
datagridtemplatecolumn Represents a DataGridColumn customizable implementation
amazon-rds-aurora a MySQL-compatible relational database management system that combines the speed and availability of high-end commercial databases with the simplicity and cost-effectiveness o…
office365-restapi null
autocad-plugin External libraries that can be integrated into AutoCAD for customization.
topshelf a service hosting framework for building Windows services using .NET.
inkcanvas an element that can be used to receive and display ink input.
glsles The OpenGL ES Shading Language is based on the OpenGL Shading Language version 1.20.
bintray a universal, automated and secure software distribution service
scaffold null
move-constructor a special member function similar to a copy constructor, but taking an rvalue-reference parameter.
siri a personal assistant that speaks to and gathers input from users to preform various tasks, compose messages, launch apps, and answer questions
jclouds an open source multi-cloud toolkit for the Java platform that gives you the freedom to create applications that are portable across clouds while giving you full control to use cloud…
try-with-resources a try statement in Java that declares one or more resources
jquery-svg A jQuery plugin that lets you interact with an SVG canvas.
wpml a commercial plugin that adds various multilingual capabilities to WordPress.
choropleth a thematic map in which areas are shaded or patterned in proportion to the measurement of the statistical variable being displayed on the map.
activator a .NET class that can create dynamically-typed object instances at runtime.
rollupjs a next-generation JavaScript Transpiler and module bundler
aurelia-router A client-side router and part of the Aurelia platform
amd-processor Advanced Micro Devices microprocessors.
powerbi-embedded a set of globally available, cloud-scale business analytics tools to analyze data and build data visualizations
iis-10 Internet Information Services is an extensible web server created by Microsoft for use with Windows NT family
ihttphandler Defines an endpoint in the ASP.NET pipeline for processing a request.
env null
function-prototypes Anything related to C and C++ function prototypes
filesystemobject Object Model component on Windows systems that represents the local file system.
jscrollbar a Java Swing component to indicate the current position and the visible area size if horizontal or vertical scrolling is involved so only part of the view is visible.…
name-mangling a technique used by compilers to encode information in strings that can be supported by linkers designed to handle C code.
multiple-domains A multiple-domain account usually allows you to distribute your disk space/transfer over as many domain names as you want .
metatrader4 an electronic client/server trading platform widely used by online retail foreign exchange speculative traders
ios8-share-extension Related to the extension of the iOS notification center.
ios8-today-widget Refers to the widget in the notifications center of iOS devices.
ko.observablearray a knockout.js construct similar to a regular array in JavaScript, except that it allows for observing changes to the collection .
ejb-2.x used for question related to the session bean and message-driven bean component types of the EJB 2.x programming model
android-4.3-jelly-bean an updated version of Jelly Bean
autosys CA Workload Automation AE , known simply as AutoSys is a job scheduling and workload automation tool made by CA Technologies
bus a physical device used to connect different functional blocks of a computer or a different computers in order to communicate them together
android-actionbaractivity Base class for Android activities that use the support library action bar features.
responsive-images the part of Responsive Web Design dealing specifically with images on the web to provide optimal experiences across a wide range of devices based on screen size, platform, …
prepare used to execute the same SQL statement repeatedly with high efficiency.
brightcove a video hosting and publishing platform.
cucumber-junit The JUnit integration provided by the Cucumber-Jvm project.
bipartite a graph whose vertices can be divided into two disjoint sets such that vertices from one set only connect to the vertices from the other set and not each other
android-lint a tool in ADT which scans Android project sources for potential bugs.
relaycommand an implementation of the .NET ICommand interface made and described by WPF expert Josh Smith.
enterprise-guide a point-and-click, menu- and wizard-driven interface to the SAS system, a 4G statistical and databse language, that empowers users to analyze data and publish results
photosframework should only be used for questions related to the Photos framework available in iOS, macOS, and tvOS.
partial-specialization a particular form of class template specialization
opendir A PHP, PERL, C library function for opening a directory handle
tweetsharp a Twitter API library for adding Twitter to web and mobile applications.
visitor-pattern a way of separating an algorithm from an object structure on which it operates
playing-cards Programming questions involving digitally-represented playing cards
rating-system A system commonly seen on websites that allows users to express their appreciation of content or what the content is about.
linguistics the scientific study of language and its structure, including the study of morphology, syntax, phonetics, and semantics.
discount null
sightly Sightly - the Apache Sling XSS-aware template language
dom-traversal The process of traversing the Document Object Model tree and finding nodes based on certain criterion.
search-suggestion A search suggestion can be made by a search engine when it discovers that the enduser entered poor or unknown keywords
monaca a cloud based mobile app development environment
report-viewer2010 Microsoft Report Viewer 2010
getview To be used with the android tag
android-7.1-nougat Android 7.1 Nougat MR1 , successor of Android 7.0 Nougat.
orthographic Orthographic projection is a means of representing a three-dimensional object in two dimensions.
for-comprehension construction in Scala language allowing easy iteration over one or more collections.
intel-edison an electronics prototyping platform equipped with a micro controller
qc HP Quality Center web based software for test management
cellular-network a radio communication system characterised by a network of stationary transceivers spread over a wide geographical area, for example a city or a country
cidr Classless Inter-Domain Routing, a method for allocating TCP/IP network addresses and routing data packets
code-smell under an active burnination process: http://meta.stackoverflow.com/q/306314
angular-pipe Use for discussion of Angular 2+ pipes
accumulo The Apache Accumulo sorted, distributed key/value store is based on Google's BigTable design
rom a class of storage medium used in computers and other electronic devices
buildpack null
cfnetwork Network framework in the core services for iOS & Mac OS X
lightswitch-2013 a rapid application development tool for creating data-centric apps for business environments.
jasypt a Java-based encryption library, designed for ease of use with minimum necessary knowledge of how cryptography works.
multipartentity successor of HttpEntity, contained in HttpMime API since version 4.0
obd-ii an automotive term referring to the diagnostic system of a car
fakeiteasy A .Net framework to create fake objects, mocks, stubs, etc.
flow-router Tag questions for this meteor package: https://github.com/meteorhacks/flow-router#subscription-management
information-extraction the task of automatically extracting structured information from unstructured and/or semi-structured machine-readable documents
handlers null
method-call null
core-telephony an iOS framework by Apple used to get information about a user's home cellular service
restcomm an Open Source turn-key CPaaS solution ready for public, private or hybrid cloud deployment
pelican a static site generator, written in Python, that supports the reStructuredText and Markdown formats
getstream-io Hosted News feeds API that allows you to build scalable news feeds and activity streams
antlrworks a grammar development environment for ANTLR v3 grammars written by Jean Bovet
system.net a namespace of the .NET framework
spectrogram a visual representation of the spectrum of frequencies in a sound, at each time
compute-shader a Shader Stage that is used entirely for computing arbitrary information
gspread a Python library for interacting with Google Spreadsheets.
torque TORQUE Resource Manager provides control over batch jobs and distributed computing resources
snappy a compression algorithm for byte streams and a library implementing this algorithm
xceed a provider of software components and tools for the Microsoft .NET platform.
office-2013 Microsoft Office 2013 is a group of office productivity software programs for the Microsoft Windows operating system, and the successor to Microsoft O…
realurl a TYPO3 extension that translates URLs to a human readable form called virtual path.
phonegap-cli the Command Line Interface for Phonegap
two-factor-authentication Is an approach to authentication which requires the presentation of two or more authentication factors.
transactional-replication Transactional replication typically starts with a snapshot of the publication database objects and data
uefi The Unified Extensible Firmware Interface is a specification that defines a software interface between an operating system and platform firmware
twiml a set of instructions you can use to tell Twilio what to do when you receive an incoming call or SMS.
tr1 TR1 - C++ Technical Report 1, proposed extensions to the C++ standard library
vml a vector image format that is represented by XML
windows-rt a version of Windows 8 for ARM devices
parcel a container for a message
pagerslidingtabstrip Interactive paging indicator widget, compatible with the ViewPager from the Android Support Library.
rapidjson A fast JSON parser/generator for C++ with both SAX/DOM style API
rownum An Oracle database pseudocolumn, which returns a number indicating the order in which rows have been selected.
wso2-das Data analytics refer to aggregating, analyzing and presenting information about business activities
xbmc a cross-platform, open source media player
sni Server Name Indication, essential TLS extension for virtual hosting
ext4 a linux filesystem.
omniauth-facebook Facebook OAuth2 Strategy for OmniAuth.
saving-data null
preloading Use preloading for questions related to programmatically requesting files or data using a heurestic or presumptive algorithm.
defined an unambiguous statement for the meaning of a word or phrase
ooad Object Oriented Analysis and Design
s3cmd a command line tool for uploading, retrieving and managing data in Amazon S3
viewengine null
windows-mobile-6 Windows Mobile 6, formerly codenamed for Smartphones
service-provider null
microsoft-ui-automation The Microsoft UI Automation framework provides programmatic access to most user interface elements on Win32, WinForms, and WPF applications
md5sum a computer program that calculates and verifies 128-bit MD5 hashes, as described in RFC 1321.
mpi4py Python bindings for the Message Passing Interface ; a library for distributed memory parallel programming and the de facto standard method for using distributed memory clusters for high-performan…
gml an interpreted scripting language developed for use with a computer game creation application called Game Maker
google-cse With Google Custom Search, users can add a search box to their homepage to help people find what they need on the website
function-declaration the process of describing the type and identifier of a function.
menustrip can be used in questions involving usage of MenuStrip class from Windows Forms .
dictionary-comprehension A syntactic construct which provides a concise way to create dictionaries.
appdata Used for questions relating to the user application data folders
contextmenustrip ContextMenuStrip should appear when a user right-clicks, reacting to the surroundings
datefield null
delphi-6 a specific version of Delphi
django-1.4 a version of the Django framework, released in March 2012, with enhanced time zones support and various other improvements
cassini an open-source lightweight web server distributed with ASP.NET as an example of an ASP.NET web server written in C#.
bold an advanced Object Relational Mapper and application framework
alloy-ui a UI metaframework that provides a consistent and simple API for building web applications across all three levels of the browser: structure, style and behaviour.
amazon-swf Amazon Simple Workflow Service is a workflow service for building scalable, resilient applications
quicklook QuickLook an objective-c framework used in iOS and MacOS application development typically for previews.
formidable A node.js module for parsing form data, especially file uploads.
google-cloud-bigtable a fast, fully managed, massively scalable NoSQL database service designed for applications requiring terabytes to petabytes of data
icollection the base interface for classes in the System.Collections namespace
hashchange a DOM window event that is fired when the URL's fragment identifier changes.
multifile-uploader null
mod-pagespeed open-source server modules that optimize your site automatically.
listen null
activeandroid an active record style ORM for Android.
pypdf A Pure-Python library built as a PDF toolkit.
zombie.js a lightweight framework for testing client-side JavaScript code in a simulated environment
mov Questions related to the assembler `mov` instruction
apiblueprint a Markdown-based DSL for describing HTTP APIs.
adfs3.0 Active Directory Federation Services 3.0 service in Windows 2012 R2 provides simplified, secured claims based identity federation and Web single sign-on capabilities for end users who wan…
css-modules a pre-processor that allows for emulation of local scope and control dependencies in CSS code.
google-gadget simple HTML and JavaScript applications that can be embedded in webpages and other apps
placement-new used to construct an object at a particular memory location or to pass additional arguments to an allocation function.
indexoutofrangeexception thrown when you try to access an element of a collection with an index that is outside its current bounds.
doorkeeper an OAuth 2 provider for Rails.
scrollbars a part of a graphical user interface element to present the user with a perspective of a percentage of the page shown
performselector performs a method on the receiver
printdocument Defines a reusable object that sends output to a printer, when printing from a Windows Forms application.
voice-recording null
tld abbreviation for Top Level Domains
spotlight a fast desktop search technology that allows users to organize and search for files based on metadata
soft-keyboard a virtual keyboard based on a software component that allows a user to enter characters.
project-template For questions regarding working with project templates in an IDE, such as those visible in Visual Studio's New Project dialog.
paginate null
open-graph-protocol The Open Graph protocol enables any web page to become a rich object in a social graph.
xbox360 a video game console made by Microsoft and is the successor to the original Xbox
linear-interpolation the process of approximating intermediate values given an assumption that the ranges of missing data look roughly like straight lines.
django-rest-auth Django-rest-auth provides a set of REST API endpoints for Authentication and Registration
wtl an open source, object-oriented C++ template library for Win32 development
xtrareport a Reporting Tool made by DevExpress for WinForms, ASP.NET, Silverlight, WPF and LightSwitch.
zendesk an online customer engagement and help-desk software
lampp An abbreviation for ; an interoperable group of open-source computer programs.
ng-bind-html ngBindHtml creates a binding that will innerHTML the result of evaluating the expression into the current element in a secure way.
apigility A PHP API Builder designed to simplify creating and maintaining structured APIs
indoor-positioning-system used to determine the position of mobile devices inside a closed space , where GPS cannot be used
incomplete-type In the C and C++ languages, an incomplete type is
context-switch the process of storing and restoring the state of a process.
sortedset Represents a collection of unique objects that is maintained in sorted order.
google-image-search null
openrowset a T-SQL function that can be used in Microsoft SQL Server to read remote data from an OLE DB data source
turbo-c Turbo C was an Integrated Development Environment and compiler for the C programming language from Borland, released in 1987
redhawksdr A framework and set of tools for software defined radio based on the software component architecture standard.
fbjs Facebook's solution for developers who want to use JavaScript in their FBML applications.
loopj website and twitter handle of James Smith, a British entrepreneur and engineer based in San Francisco
jvm-crash Crashes in the JVM, commonly caused by buggy native code in libraries.
nsimageview An NSImageView object displays a single image from an NSImage object in a frame
ibm-datapower a product division within IBM that produces appliances for processing XML messages as well as any-to-any legacy message transformation.
apache-config text based configuration file which are used to configure apache httpd web server
confluent the Palo Alto-based software company founded by the team that built Apache Kafka at LinkedIn and that scaled Kafka to accommodate over 1 trillion messages per day
data-cleansing The process of detecting and correcting corrupt or inaccurate records from a data set
app-id unique across all apps within a given platform
android-version null
getattr a Python built-in function used to access a named attribute on an object.
fancytree a JavaScript dynamic tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, checkboxes, tables, drag'n'drop, and lazy loading.
dynamics-ax-2012-r2 one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
memory-model Modifications to different memory locations may appear in different order on different threads or different processors
linq-to-twitter an open source 3rd party LINQ Provider for the Twitter micro-blogging service
ios8.3 For questions related to 8.3 version of the iOS operating system; use only when the question is specific only to the version, otherwise just use iOS tag
joomla-k2 a Content Extension for Joomla! that provides more features than the standard content component.
session-management questions specific to session management in any domain
web-audio-api an advanced audio processing API directly available inside browser that helps to create, manipulate and analyze audio data using JavaScript.
file-processing null
imagefield A place to store or display a graphic image.
jquery-tooltip Tooltip implementation using the jQuery library.
unique-index an index that sets one or multiple fields to be unique in a data entity
google-distancematrix-api a service that provides travel distance and time for a matrix of origins and destinations
java-ee-5 for questions relating specifically to Java Enterprise Edition 5.
fragment-identifier the part of the URI/URL following the hash symbol
sonata-user-bundle Integrates the `FOS/UserBundle` in the Sonata Admin Project to add some features related to the users.
regsvr32 You can use the Regsvr32 tool to register and unregister OLE controls such as DLL or ActiveX Controls files in the Windows Registry.
particle a point or a small object that is positionned in space and may have attributed properties
python-dateutil The dateutil module provides powerful extensions to the standard datetime module, available as an extension module which is compatible with Python 2.3+.
scroller null
remotewebdriver an implementation class of the WebDriver interface that a test script developer can use to execute their test scripts via the RemoteWebDriver server on a remote machine.
uipinchgesturerecognizer a concrete subclass of UIGestureRecognizer that looks for pinching gestures involving two touches.
uniform a jQuery plugin that beautifies standard form elements such as inputs, selects and radiobuttons with new styled elements.
srcset The srcset attributes on the img element can be used, using the x descriptor, to provide multiple images that only vary in their size
template-matching the process of finding a smaller known template image in another larger image.
retina Name used by Apple for their liquid crystal displays with a high enough pixel density
commenting null
azure-deployment The process of making the raw code to Azure Cloud runnable instance.
ion Asynchronous networking and image loading library for Android.
catransform3d a Objective-C/C struct defined by the Core Animation framework
android-screen null
graylog2 an open source log management tool for aggregating, filtering, alerting on, and performing analytics on syslog messages.
const-correctness null
ssrs-2016 a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft
sql-server-2008r2-express for questions specific to scaled down, free edition of SQL Server 2008 R2.
systemc C++ library used for system-level modeling of hardware designs
jquery-ui-tooltip Customizable, themeable tooltips, replacing native tooltips
ansi-escape the method of in-band signaling to control formatting, color, and other output options on video text terminals.
viewdidappear UIViewController instance method that notifies the view controller that its view was added to a view hierarchy.
mbed The mbed platform provides free software libraries, hardware designs and online tools for rapid prototyping of products based on ARM microcontrollers.
mpns a service for Windows Phone which provides a resilient, dedicated, and persistent channel to send data to a Windows Phone app.
html4 HTML Version 4.0 was published in Dec '97 by the W3C
image-stitching References the process of combining, or stitching together, one or more images.
asp.net-apicontroller null
activesync a mobile data synchronization technology and protocol developed by Microsoft
shallow-copy shallow copy contains a link to the original variable
rounding-error when the number that is stored is not exactly the number expected
dart-webui Web UI lets you build web apps as if you had a browser from the future
detailview A DetailView displays a read-only view of a particular record
dovecot an IMAP and POP3 server for Linux
coverage.py a tool for measuring test code coverage of Python programs
bootstrap-popover a small overlay of content that is used to display secondary information of any element when it is clicked by a user
bosh Bidirectional-streams Over Synchronous HTTP.
chronometer a class that implements a simple timer
wikitude the company behind an augmented reality SDK for mobile development The core framework is available as an augmented reality development platform - called Wikitude SDK.
ack a tool like grep, designed for programmers with large trees of heterogeneous source code.
google-classroom Classroom helps teachers create & organize assignments quickly, provide feedback efficiently & communicate with their classes.
long-press if the user keeps pressing the button for some time, a different action is executed from the short press action.
macruby an implementation of the Ruby 1.9 programming language in ObjC for Mac OSX
couchapp JavaScript and HTML5 applications served directly from CouchDB.
listiterator An iterator for lists that allows the programmer to traverse the list in either direction, modify the list during iteration, and obtain the iterator's current position in the list
web.config-transform an XML file that specifies how the Web.config file should be changed when it is deployed.
openpgp The OpenPGP standard was originally derived from PGP
boost-log The Boost C++ library for logging, focused on simplicity, extensibility and performance
css-loader css loader module for webpack
jquery-cycle2 a slideshow plugin for jQuery
stacked null
ssd OFF-TOPIC
mssql-jdbc For specific questions on Microsoft's JDBC driver for their SQL Server product.
react-native-navigation for questions related to the React Native Navigation library that provides a complete native navigation solution for React Native apps.
teamcity-8.0 a Java based build management and continuous integration system from JetBrains.
reliability the ability of a system or component to perform its required functions under stated conditions for a specified period of time.
statsd A simple, lightweight network daemon to collect and aggregate metrics over UDP.
zend-server a PHP application server product line offered by Zend Technologies
nim a statically typed, imperative programming language that tries to give the programmer ultimate power without compromises on runtime efficiency
scintilla a free source code editing component
seam2 a powerful open source development platform for building rich Internet applications on a JEE 5 stack
videochat Video chat refers to online chatting while video signal is being broadcasted.
weighted-average similar to an arithmetic mean where instead of each of the data points contributing equally to the final average, some data points contribute more than others.
wechat a mobile text and voice messaging communication service introduced by Tencent Inc., one of China's largest Internet service providers, in January 2011
tmp The traditional name of directories used to store temporary files
tablecolumn represent the column of the table.
soft-delete to delete data from database in a way in which it can be recovered in the future rather than permanently deleting the data,
qlpreviewcontroller A QLPreviewController, or Quick Look preview controller, provides a specialized view for previewing a file on the iOS platform.
quantlib a free and open-source library for quantitative finance.
pyautogui a cross-platform GUI automation Python module used to programmatically control the mouse and keyboard.
nicedit an open source inline WYSIWYG HTML editor
fclose fclose closes an open file resource, releasing it from memory and any write-locks on the file.
xmllint a command line XML parser which provides syntax validation, gzip compression, and formatting options.
backticks For questions relating to the backtick character , also known as the backquote, which has various special meanings in computing.
django-formwizard A Django application that splits forms across multiple Web pages.
iequalitycomparer a .NET framework interface that allows the implementation of customized equality comparison for collections
scalacheck a powerful tool for automatic unit testing of Scala and Java programs.
sorl-thumbnail Thumbnails for Django
mediawiki-extensions for questions related to programming and using MediaWiki extensions.
glassfish-4.1 a Java EE application server
inbox null
restlet-2.0 a lightweight, comprehensive, open source REST framework for the Java platform
inter-process-communicat Inter-Process Communication refers to the exchange of data among multiple threads in one or more processes, either locally or on remote computers connected in a network
monthcalendar a Windows Form UI Control which enables easy picking of dates from a visual monthly calendar display.
mobile-devices a set of handheld devices including mobile phones and smartphones, tablets, smartwatches and other portable devices.
network-traffic null
hmacsha1 HMAC SHA-1 stands for Hashed Message Authentication Code using Sercure Hash Algorithm 1
elevation null
event-delegation a concept of listening to specific events on some element to catch these events being fired on any of the child elements, even the ones that…
wicket-1.5 Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
cifs The Common Internet File System , also known as Server Message Block , is a network protocol whose most common use is sharing files on a Local Area Network .
clip-path A CSS property that makes it possible to specify a specific region of an object to display.
channel-api The Channel API creates a persistent connection between your application and Google servers, allowing your application to send messages to JavaScript clients in real time without the use of polling.
cakephp-2.5 relates to the 2.5.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
basic4android a simple and powerful development environment for developers of Android applications
pointfree The pointfree style of defining a function is to express it directly in terms of existing functions, without mentioning the arguments of the function being defined
.net-core-2.0 null
appcompatactivity Base class for activities that use the support library action bar features.
installshield-le InstallShield Limited Edition for Visual Studio
gnat the GNU Ada compiler that comes as part of GCC
nested-function functions whose definition is lexically enclosed inside another function definition
jms-topic A distribution mechanism for publishing messages that are delivered to multiple subscribers.
joblib a set of tools to provide lightweight pipelining in Python.
drupal-forms the primary method for obtaining, and acting upon user input in Drupal.
filedialog Refers to both OpenFileDialog and SaveFileDialog in .NET WinForms.
image-conversion for questions about conversion from one image format to another
dynamic-columns null
class-hierarchy Class hierarchy refers to a set of classes and their inter-relationships.
i386 the mark used on the Intel 80386 processor
graph-traversal the problem of visiting all the nodes in a graph in a particular manner, updating and/or checking their values along the way.
crossdomain.xml an XML document that grants a web client—such as Adobe Flash Player, Adobe Reader, etc.—permission to handle data across multiple domains.
youtube-livestreaming-api The YouTube Live Streaming API lets users create, update, and manage live events on YouTube
angular-animations to better reference animations in angular versions 2.0 and over or the BrowserAnimationsModule.
pbx a system that connects telephone extensions of a company to outside public telephone network as well as to mobile networks
socket.io-1.0 The latest version of Socket.IO library.
synapse a lightweight and high-performance Enterprise Service Bus
woothemes a Wordpress theme and plugin development firm
vpc an on demand configurable pool of shared computing resources allocated within a public cloud environment, providing certain level of isolation between the different or…
stringio null
simplehttpserver SimpleHTTPServer refers to the basic HTTP server which can serve requests with files from the file system with a few lines of code
rebar an Erlang build tool that makes it easy to compile and test Erlang applications, port drivers and releases.
scnnode a part of the SceneKit Framework
nic a computer component which connects to a physical network in order to send and receive data.
headset an accessory that combines a headphone with a microphone
backendless Backendless provides an instant backend to help developers build better apps faster.
rfcomm Radio frequency communication - the Bluetooth protocol
msgpack a binary-based efficient object serialization library
qtabwidget The QTabWidget class, part of the Qt framework, provides a stack of tabbed widgets.
pre-increment For issues relating to defining or performing pre increment operations.
spring-scheduled Refers to the org.springframework.core.task package of the Spring Framework that is concerned with task scheduling and execution.
clause null
grunt-contrib-uglify Minify files with UglifyJS.
sybase-iq a column-based RDBMS used for business intelligence, data warehousing, and data marts
pane null
logfiles null
libtiff Open source, cross-platform library and tools for TIFF images.
iis-5 IIS Version 5 – is a web server application and a set of feature extension modules created by Microsoft for use with Microsoft Windows
ifft IFFT stands for Inverse Fast Fourier Transform
event-viewer Event Viewer - tool in Windows systems that allows users to inspect the event logs.
existential-type types that provide a collection of operations that act on an unspecified, or abstract, type
facebook-chatbot Chatbots provide personalized, interactive communication akin to talking to a human customer service or sales representative, but at a bigger scale and cheaper than call centers.
angular-leaflet-directive embed and interact with maps managed by the Leaflet library.
sun a computer company, bought by Oracle in January 2010
ef-model-first null
django-autocomplete-light an open source app that provides a new approach to auto-complete implementations, specially for Django.
email-notifications used to send selected users email about specific activities in the system, such as updates to incidents or change requests
change-tracking the process of recording changes made to data as they are made.
cimg a small, open source, C++ toolkit for image processing.
bitarray A bit array is an array data structure that compactly stores bits.
utf8mb4 Unlike its `utf8` encoding, MySQL’s `utf8mb4` encoding offers full Unicode support .
appveyor A hosted continuous integration service for open source projects.
elastica a PHP client for the elasticsearch full-text search and analytics engine.
adbannerview The ADBannerView class provides a view that displays banner advertisements to the user
alasset An ALAsset object represents a photo or a video managed by the Photo application.
notice null
artifact null
decomposition null
onvif established as a non-profit organization
tsv a format for storing text data in columns separated by tabs.
grunt-usemin Replace blocks of tags in html files referencing javascript or css files with a single unified file
android-icons Android comes with detailed guidelines and default Icon packs for applications developers to ensure readability and clarity even at small sizes
totals null
ctrl Similar to the shift key, the control key is a modifier key that performs an advanced operation when pressed in conjunction with another key
mpeg-4 an ISO/IEC standard for video and audio compression as a successor of MPEG-2
adf DO NOT USE THIS TAG! Use instead
netlink a socket based inter process communication protocol for Linux systems
resourcemanager ambiguous
pinch null
size-t the unsigned integer type of the result of the sizeof operator
spring-boot-test null
spark-view-engine a view engine for ASP.NET MVC, Castle Project MonoRail, FubuMVC, NancyFx, JessicaFx and OpenRasta frameworks
vibrate null
uiresponder The UIResponder class defines an interface for objects that respond to and handle events
opentsdb a distributed, scalable Time Series Database written on top of HBase.
r-grid an R package providing low-level plotting facilities.
discriminated-union a data structure used to hold a value that could take on several different, but fixed types
dbmigrate null
toplink one of the leading Java persistence products and JPA implementations
android-statusbar The status bar located on the top of the Android device screen
node-request A node.js NPM package for handling HTTP requests.
ilnumerics a high performance math library for applications
python-2.4 For issues relating to development in Python, version 2.4.
xml-drawable Solid drawables in android, these drawables are placed in 'drawable' folder inside 'res' folder, these are saved as xml files
etcd a highly-available key value store for shared configuration and service discovery, inspired by Apache ZooKeeper and doozer.
goutte a simple headless web browser, written in PHP.
mobile-development should be used for questions about software development aimed specifically at the mobile environment but not directed at a specific mobile environment such as iOS or Android.
memorycache a concrete implementation of the abstract ObjectCache class in .Net
inspector a general support tool for Appium for UI automation designed to be used in conjunction with the Appium Server
heat a harvesting tool that creates .wxs files that can be used to create an installer.
.class-file the format used by the Java Virtual Machine.
ajax.beginform Writes an opening <form> tag to the response.
agents-jade JADE - Java Agent DEvelopment framework
bitcode An intermediate representation of an LLVM-compiled program, which can be used by Apple to optimize binaries submitted to their App Store without requiring involvement from the original developer.
blurry null
azure-queues Microsoft Azure is a cloud computing platform and infrastructure, created by Microsoft, for building, deploying and managing applications and services th…
deterministic The system or program exhibits the same behavior in different runs.
alphabet null
accounts null
android-developer-api API for android developers to access various settings
angular-nvd3 Angular.js directives for nvd3.js
avaudioengine null
flash-memory an electronic non-volatile computer storage device that can be reprogrammed and erased electrically.
math.h For questions relating to functions declared by the math.h header file of C programming language.
module-pattern Popular JavaScript pattern, var Module = ;
node-http-proxy A full-featured http proxy for node.js
long-running-processes Long running processes prevent other processes from responding as quickly as intended
java.util.date Through Java 7, the official class for representing a moment in time, using a thin wrapper around the number of milliseconds from epoch
footable a jQuery plugin for wordpress for styling HTML tables on smaller devices.
matlab-coder MATLAB Coder™ generates standalone C and C++ code from MATLAB® code
pdi PDI Pentaho’s Data Integration, also known as Kettle, provides extraction, transformation, and loading capabilities.
hotlinking the use of a linked object, often an image, from one site by a web page belonging to a second site.
testng-dataprovider TestNG @DataProvider annotation
opencover a code coverage tool for .NET and currently supports .NET 2, 3 and 4
pyomo a Python-based open-source software package that supports a diverse set of optimization capabilities for formulating, solving, and analyzing optimization models.
android-holo-everywhere an Android open-source library that seeks to backport the Holo themes and widgets to all Android versions back to 2.1, with the support of ActionBarSherlock.
timestamp-with-timezone time zone aware, usually by storing time zone information along with the datetime
external-accessory The External Accessory framework provides support for communicating with external hardware connected to an iOS-based device through the 30-pin dock connector or wirelessly using Bluetooth.
genexus a Knowledge-based Development Tool, mainly oriented to enterprise-class applications for the Web, Windows, and Smart Devices platforms.
megamenu a dropdown plugin used similar to the traditional style dropdown menu built to enhance usability and address some drawbacks such as the amount of clicking, navigating and researching is re…
wiremock Library used for stubbing and mocking web services.
spring-test-mvc spring-test-mvc based on spring-test provides a unit testing framework for spring-mvc services.
webmin A web-based interface for system administration for Unix
xbox a video game console made by Microsoft.
richedit null
haskell-platform a standardized multi-OS distribution for the Haskell programming language
yii2-model if your question relates to the Yii2-model-class or one of its descendants.
orc The Optimized Row Columnar file format provides a highly efficient way to store Hive data
project-organization Questions about optimal code organization in large scale software project.
rijndaelmanaged .NET Framework managed version of the Rijndael algorithm.
rabbitmq-exchange AMQP entities where messages are sent.
radial-gradients A linear interpolation between two or more colors based on the distance from the center of a circle or ellipse
winrar a trialware file archiver utility for Windows.
spannable an interface for text to which markup objects can be applied.
spy XUnit pattern where you replace the original implementation with a test double to capture the calls on the object
sharpziplib a Zip, GZip, Tar and BZip2 library written entirely in C# for the .NET platform.
tikz a set of higher-level TeX macros for producing vector graphics that use PGF
quandl a website gathering, formatting and offering finance and economic data.
selectionchanged null
server-side-includes a simple interpreted server-side scripting language used almost exclusively for the Web.
rserve a server which allows other programs to use facilities of R either using TCP/IP or unix sockets.
yslow a tool written by Yahoo! that analyzes web pages and suggests ways to improve their performance
zbar-sdk an open source software suite for reading bar codes from various sources, such as video streams, image files and raw intensity sensors
telnetlib The telnetlib module provides a Telnet class that implements the Telnet protocol under Python programming language.
programmatically null
amazon-lex More information at https://aws.amazon.com/lex/
vsts-api a set of APIs allowing management of a Visual Studio Team Services accounts as well as TFS 2015 and 2017 servers.
concourse For questions related to pipeline-based CI system Concourse written in Go.
touches null
android-support-design library that introduce by google for giving support of few material design components to all android 2.1 devices or higher devices.
s#arp-architecture An architectural foundation for rapidly building maintainable web applications leveraging the ASP.NET MVC framework with NHibernate.
ontouch called when a touch event is dispatched to a view it allows listeners to get a chance to respond before the target view
html-webpack-plugin webpack plugin to simplify creation of HTML files to serve webpack bundles
cortana an intelligent personal assistant on Windows Phone 8.1, Microsoft Band, and Windows 10
paper-trail-gem a Ruby gem for tracking changes in your model data
angularjs-material for any question related to , the material design framework for AngularJS
os.path Python module implementing common pathname manipulations
card.io Questions related with integration of Card.io library or implementation in whatever whether it is Android or Iphone should be tagged here.
circular-list linked in a continuous circle, without using null
blueprint-css a CSS framework, which aims to cut down on your development time
csc the command-line compiler for C# from Microsoft.
asp.net-dynamic-data ASP.NET Dynamic Data allows users to easily create extensible, data-driven Web applications by using scaffolding, which uses metadata from the data model to create the UI for Web applications
app-engine-flexible a cloud computing technology for hosting web applications in Google-managed data centers
affix An additional element placed at the beginning or end of something.
utf8-decode To decode characters encoded using Unicode
location-services Location Services allows location-based apps and websites to use information from cellular, Wi-Fi, Global Positioning System
nszombie an Apple OS-specific tool for debugging issues with reference-counting.
memory-profiling null
grails3 the next major version of the framework
go-templates Go language supports built-in template functionality
penetration-testing for questions that involve black box security testing of applications and/or networks
vigenere an encryption algorithm developed in 1553 and was considered uncrackable until the middle of the 19th century.
recyclerview-layout a more advanced and flexible version of ListView
hoverintent a very small jQuery plugin that helps to determine the user's intent
opencpu a software framework for embedded statistical computation and reproducible research
opencv-contour In openCV,Contours can be explained simply as a curve joining all the continuous points , having same color or intensity
chisel an open-source hardware construction language developed at UC Berkeley that supports advanced hardware design using highly parameterized generators and layered domain-specific hardware langu…
jqwidget a jQuery based framework for building modern responsive web sites and mobile web applications that work on any web-connected device.
representation null
django-i18n Django internationalization provides developers with the ability to build web applications and provide content in multiple languages and locales.
django-oscar an e-commerce framework for Django designed for building domain-driven applications
statistics-bootstrap a test based on random sampling with replacement.
static-initialization null
cross-apply The T-SQL APPLY operator allows you to invoke a table-valued function for each row returned by an outer table expression of a query
hce software emulation of an NFC smart card's responses, usually by a mobile device.
robo3t a shell-centric cross-platform MongoDB management tool.
rjs Ruby Javascript Generator Templates
rangy a cross-browser JavaScript range and selection library.
resource-files those files that are used to instruct the compiler/linker toolchain on which resources are to be embedded in the binary being built.
rebuild null
opshub OpsHub provides Application Lifecycle Management integration and migration solutions for application development organizations
warden a Rack-based middleware, designed to provide a mechanism for authentication in Ruby web applications
valueerror raised
uirepeat JSF/Facelets component to iterate over a collection or array without generating markup.
syntastic a syntax checking plugin for the vim editor that runs files through external syntax checkers and displays any resulting errors to the user.
primefaces-extensions a lightweight open source component library for Java Server Faces 2.x
ptvs Python Tools for Visual Studio turns Visual Studio into a Python IDE
zend-validate Zend Framework provide the validate class to validate the forms elements
json-schema-validator A JSON Schema validation implementation in pure Java, which aims for correctness and performance
relevance the practice of manipulating a search application's behavior to improve the quality of the search results based on the needs of the application's users
command-line-tool a console based application either run in MS-DOS or a terminal
ansible-inventory for questions regarding the Ansible inventory defined either as a static file , or dynamically through external scripts .
python.net a package that gives Python programmers nearly seamless integration with the .NET Common Language Runtime and Mono
redefinition null
pfuser a local representation of a user persisted to the Parse Data.
col A vertical line of cells in a spreadsheet, SQL table, HTML table, or similar structure.
ogre3d an open source 3d graphics rendering engine.
dwm For questions about the Desktop Window Manager , which handles desktop composition in Windows Vista and later versions
multiset Anything related to multisets , i.e
gravatar a globally accessible avatar storage service, used, in particular, by StackOverflow.
graphical-logo Graphical logos, such as corporate logos
gulp-uglify a gulp plugin for files minification using UglifyJS.
fgetc Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fgetc` or `std::fgetc`
fabric8 an open source microservices platform based on Docker, Kubernetes and Jenkins which provides Management , Continuous Delivery
factorization basically the decomposition of a number or polynomials into a product of factors
form-authentication null
flock Shell: The `flock` utility manages locks in scripts; C programming: flock applies or removes an advisory lock on an open file.
event-driven The event-driven paradigm of programming centralizes all waiting for events to one generalized loop that delivers events to registered listeners .
modern-ui a set of controls and styles converting WPF applications into Windows applications.
nanohttpd a light-weight HTTP server designed for embedding in other applications
jquery-jscrollpane a cross-browser jQuery plugin by which can be used to generate custom scrollbars on HTML block elements.
jsdoc3 an API documentation generator for JavaScript
owl-carousel-2 Used for all questions relating to the Owl Carousel touch-enabled jQuery plugin version 2.
izpack Open source software for creating cross-platform installers for Java applications
android-fragmentmanager useful when we want to support multiple screen size
cyclomatic-complexity a number used to express the complexity of source code
custom-exceptions Custom Exception inherits the properties from the Exception class
contain null
dct Discrete Cosine Transform .
delta a file which represents the changes between two or more revisions of structured or semi-structured data
data-driven-tests a term used in the testing of computer software to describe testing done using a table of conditions directly as test inputs and verifiable outputs as well as the process …
do-loops a specific type of iteration used to run code repeatedly based on the evaluation of a boolean statement or variable.
cakephp-2.x Questions about the 2.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
apache-commons-fileupload The Apache Commons FileUpload component provides a simple yet flexible means of adding support for multipart file upload functionality to servlets and web applications.
asp.net-core-identity Use ASP.NET Core Identity to add login functionality to an ASP.NET Core application.
avmutablecomposition a mutable subclass of AVComposition you use when you want to create a new composition from existing assets
autotest a Ruby gem for running tests automatically when source files change.
karate for questions related to web-service API testing using the Karate framework.
kannel an opensource WAP and SMS gateway for two-way SMS and WAP message sending.
ef-core-2.0 if you have questions regarding the 2.0 version of Entity Framework for .NET Core.
sugarorm Sugar ORM
packagist Packagist Package Repository Website for Composer, see the about page on packagist.org for more.
galera a synchronous multi-master cluster for MySQL.
dtrace a comprehensive dynamic tracing framework for the Solaris Operating Environment, Mac OS X 10.5+ and FreeBSD.
infrared A beam of invisible light
infrastructure null
graphlab a Python library, backed by a C++ engine, for quickly building large-scale, high-performance data products.
brightscript a BASIC-like language developed for the Roku and Brightsign hardware platforms.
keystone the identity service used by OpenStack for authentication.
mechanize-python Stateful programmatic web browsing in Python, after Andy Lester’s Perl module WWW::Mechanize.
contextual-action-bar a temporary action bar that overlays the app's current action bar while data is selected
signal-handling In the C Standard Library, signal processing defines how a program handles various signals while it executes
typesafe Typesafe was founded in 2011 by the creators of the Scala programming language and Akka middleware, who joined forces to create a modern software platform for the era of multicore hardware and cloud c…
country-codes ISO-3166 standard defining 2 and 3 character identifiers for each country in the world.
http-method designate the appropriate action to direct a server towards a resource
xmldom The abstract tree structure of an XML document
onscroll HTML DOM event occurs when an element's scrollbar is being scrolled.
mixing null
filepicker Questions about the use of file pickers in general
openshift-client-tools The OpenShift Client tools, known as rhc, are built and packaged using Ruby
web-application-project A Visual Studio project type which compiles all codebehind into a single assembly
tempdata null
having-clause null
angular4-router Questions about the Angular 4 Router
xamarin.uwp Questions about Xamarin projects targeting Universal Windows Platform
angular-ui-typeahead the AngularJS version of the Bootstrap 2 typeahead plugin.
document-body part of an HTML document
pingfederate cloud identity management software for Single Sign-On, secure mobile access, automated user provisioning and API security.
page-load-time Use this for questions related to page loading time
spool an acronym for simultaneous peripheral operations on-line
undefined-index undefined if it is not part of the array being accessed
word-frequency Word-frequency means analysis of frequencies of different words in a given text corpus or a generalized text.
towers-of-hanoi A simple puzzle involving moving discs between rods
spatial-index data structures used in SQL and other databases to enhance and optimize the execution of queries that use the data.
orchardcms-1.7 a free, open source, community-focused project aimed at delivering applications and reusable components on the ASP.NET MVC platform
on-duplicate-key an SQL feature in MySQL which allows a row to be updated instead on inserted in an INSERT query, if it would otherwise attempt to create a duplicate key in a unique index.
serial-number A unique code assigned for identification of a single unit or device.
lasagne Lasagne provides a high-level API for creating neural networks using Theano on the backend
reactor an event handling pattern for handling service requests delivered concurrently to a service handler by one or more inputs
code-conversion The process of converting the logic of some source code from its original language/framework to a different language/framework
xmonad a tiling window manager for the X Window System, written in the functional programming language Haskell.
static-site websites that have no dynamic components, e.g
object-storage null
singlepage web applications that simulate the interaction behavior of desktop applications.
filefield null
canjs an MVC/MVVM library for JavaScript with modern features like live-binding and computed values.
log4net-appender an output destination for a log such as a file, the console, a database or even e-mail.
urlclassloader used to load classes and resources from a search path of URLs referring to both JAR files and directories.
folderbrowserdialog a class in the System.Windows.Forms.CommonDialog namespace
retain-cycle a situation in reference-counted memory management when two objects have strong references to each other
sigint the signal sent to a process by its controlling terminal when a user wishes to interrupt the process.
big-theta an asymptotic notation which means that a function is tightly bounded from above and from below by another function
sonarqube-ops Related to operating a SonarQube instance
assemble Component, documentation and static site generator for node.js
php-internals How the PHP programming language works underneath, and questions about the underlying C code.
jquery-click-event a wrapper around the default browser event.
mpeg2-ts Questions related to creation, playing and program interaction with MPEG 2 Transport stream, a standard format for transmission and storage of audio, video, and Program and System Information Protocol…
sql-optimization SQL Optimization refers to the process of testing and debugging SQL servers and queries in order to increase overall performance.
fuzzy Do not use - ambiguous: see fuzzy-search, fuzzy-logic, or image-processing for more appropriate tags.
using-directives The `using` directive, available in several languages including C# and C++, introduces members of a namespace into the current identifier search scope.
achievements a meta-goal defined outside of a game's parameters
clearfix a way for an element to automatically clear after itself, so that you don't need to add additional markup
calabash-ios an automated acceptance testing framework for iOS native and hybrid applications.
3d-modelling In 3D computer graphics, 3D modeling is the process of developing a mathematical representation of any three-dimensional surface of object via spec…
adsi Active Directory Services Interfaces
android-date null
aql a declarative querying language used inside the multi-model database ArangoDB.
vagrant-windows The windows version of the vagrant tool.
elasticsearch-net Repository for both Elasticsearch.Net and NEST, the two official elasticsearch .NET clients.
getch Questions relating to the use of the DOS getch function
jpgraph an Object-Oriented Graph creating library for PHP
key-events triggered when a Key is pressed on a keyboard input device
mysql-num-rows Retrieves the number of rows from a result set.
nsdecimalnumber NSDecimalNumber, an immutable subclass of NSNumber, provides an object-oriented wrapper for doing base-10 arithmetic
nouislider an open source JavaScript range slider with full touch support
scopes a permission setting that limits the permissiveness of a given OAuth Token
uidocument UIDocument represents a user-editable document in an iOS application
snmp4j a Java library that provides some classes in order to implement a SNMP Agent or Manager
pex a Visual Studio add-in that generates automated white-box tests for .NET Framework applications.
mongoid3 Version 3 of Mongoid, an Object-Document-Mapper for MongoDB with Ruby
boost-test a portable test framework for performing unit testing in c++
jquery-ui-selectable The jQuery UI Selectable plugin: Enable a DOM element to be selectable
arrows a means of modeling computational effects that are more general and less powerful than Monads.
jspx a free open source pure Java web Rapid Application Development framework
blacklist a list of entities that are banned from some access or action .
pyephem PyEphem provides the Python language with routines for computing the location of celestial objects like the sun, moon, and planets, as well as for any asteroids, comets, and earth satellites for which…
servercontrols a component that dynamically renders a segment of markup to the client
orange a component-based data mining and machine learning software suite, featuring friendly yet powerful and flexible visual programming front-end for explorative data analysis and visualization
sql-tuning SQL tuning commonly involves finding more efficient ways to process the same workload
stdbind The C++11 function std::bind fixes some or all arguments of a function object, returning another function object that takes fewer arguments.
triplestore a purpose-built database for the storage and retrieval of Resource Description Framework metadata" -- http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triplestore
updatemodel null
windows2012 Windows Server 2012 is the server version of Windows 8 and the successor of Windows Server 2008 R2
watch-os-3 the third version of Apple's operating system for Apple Watch and is the successor to watchOS
word-embedding null
winrt-async a tag for Windows Runtime's introduced with Windows 8 for Windows Store Apps
ubuntu-13.10 Ubuntu 13.10 was released on schedule on October 17th, 2013
spacemacs a text editor
spreadsheetgear SpreadsheetGear 2012 enables ASP.NET, Windows Forms, WPF and Silverlight developers to easily take advantage of scalable Excel Reporting, dynamic dashboards from Excel charts and ranges, powerful spre…
outlook-web-app a webmail service of Microsoft Exchange Server 5.0 and later
states null
response-headers null
childwindow null
tablespace a database concept and refers to a storage location where the actual data underlying database objects can be kept.
listpicker part of the Silverlight Toolkit for Windows Phone
gin GIN brings automatic dependency injection to GWT client-side code.
gpo A Group Policy Object provides a way to manage settings for computers and users in an Active Directory environment.
semantic-ui-react Semantic-UI-React is the official React integration for Semantic UI .
fault-tolerance Fault tolerance refers to a system's capability to isolate, compensate for and recover from failure with minimal impact to the end user
integrity The aspect of an object which describes it as unaltered since a reference time at which a description of its state was recorded, or a description of the continued functioning of a property of the obje…
httpbackend a fake HTTP backend implementation suitable for unit testing applications that use the `$http` service in Angular.js.
soapheader Optional SOAP element that represents a header that contains application-specific information about the SOAP message.
assembly-resolution null
skypedeveloper can be used for Q&As relating to Skype's APIs and SDKs.
donut-chart a chart functionally identical to a pie chart, with the exception of a blank center and the ability to support multiple statistics at once
imputation the process of replacing missing data with substituted, 'best guess', values
datetime-parsing null
greenrobot-eventbus an Android optimized publish/subscribe event bus that simplifies communication between Activities, Fragments, Threads, Services, etc
fpdi A PHP class which allows to read pages from existing PDF and generate new files based on FPDF.
mylyn the task and application lifecycle management framework for Eclipse.
multipage A container for a collection of Page objects
mvcsitemap a tool that provides flexible menus, breadcrumb trails, and SEO features for the ASP.NET MVC framework, similar to the ASP.NET SiteMapProvider model
maxscript the built-in scripting language in Autodesk 3ds MAX
joomla-template an open source content management system for web sites which includes a powerful template system.
jsonlite A smarter JSON encoder and decoder
facebook-audience-network an advertising network which allows placement of Facebook ads into a developer's iOS and Android apps
finally Questions related to the finally block in try-catch construct.
custom-validators null
ajp an efficient protocol to connect backend web servers to front end web servers.
bash-completion Questions about command completion in the Bash Unix shell.
po the format of the GNU gettext translation files.
django-widget Django widgets handle the rendering of the HTML for form fields
date-comparison refers to the process of comparing two or more dates with one another.
execcommand Executes a command on the current document, current selection, or the given range.
django-storage Django-storage refers to django file storage mechanism
devise-confirmable Devise's Confirmable module
poedit free software application that allows edit gettext catalogs.
best-in-place A jQuery-based AJAX Inplace-Editor that uses RESTful services to edit items without forms
blueprint a CSS framework that comes with an easy-to-use grid, sensible typography, useful plugins, and a stylesheet for printing.
android-o Use for questions related to the Android O Developer Previews
equations null
imei International Mobile Equipment Identity a number, usually unique, to identify 3GPP and iDEN mobile phones, as well as some satellite phones.
ion-auth a user library for CodeIgniter.
model-validation ASP.NET MVC validation method for your models with property attributes
mplayer a free and open source media player.
ninject-2 tag for questions related to ninject -2 version of ninject dependency injector
n-queens a classic computer science problem that predates computer science
binaryreader a class used to read binary values
tinyxml a simple, small C++ XML parser and generator library.
android-internet used for internet related questions on the Android Operating System.
pulseaudio a sound system for POSIX OSes, it is a proxy for your sound applications
candlestick-chart a type of bar-chart which is primarily used to indicate change in price of security, currency etc.
capitalize writing a word with its first letter as a capital letter and the remaining letters in lower case.
uploader null
orientdb2.2 for questions specific to the 2.2 version of Orient DB of Orient Technologies.
bc an arbitrary precision calculator language used in shell scripting
thor a scripting framework that replaces Rake, Sake and RubiGen.
hdmi a compact audio/video interface for transmitting uncompressed digital data.
wadl Web Application Description Language is a machine process-able XML description of HTTP-based Web applications, such as REST web services.
runtime-permissions refers to Android runtime permissions introduced with Android 6.0 Marshmallow
smartsheet-api The Smartsheet API provides developer access to Smartsheet features and data
tx-news based on extbase and fluid and allows to show articles, categories, tags, ..
wavefront a geometry definition file format first developed by Wavefront Technologies for its Advanced Visualizer animation package.
wand The ctypes-based simple ImageMagick binding for Python
web-farm null
uno the component model of OpenOffice.org
shim code which intercepts an API method call and provides a layer of abstraction to facilitate cross-platform development
star-schema the most basic data warehousing dimensional structure and database schema, consisting of one or more fact tables referencing any number of dimension tables.
startswith Relates to the task of finding a subset of data at the beginning of a set of data
sublimerepl a plugin for Sublime Text 2/3 that runs interactive interpreters from a number of languages within a normal tab
textkit Text Kit is, collectively, a set of classes and protocols in iOS 7's UIKit framework that provide high-quality typographical services.
selendroid a test automation framework for native or hybrid Android apps and the mobile web.
rights null
nfa a nondeterministic finite automaton, a mathematical model of computation that decides membership in regular languages.
pygments A generic source code syntax highlighter written in Python.
static-typing said to use static typing when type checking is performed during compile-time as opposed to run-time.
commandlink JSF tag to create a POST link.
xamdatagrid Data grid control from Infragistics
profiles null
mspec a context/specification framework for C#
marketo a cloud-based marketing automation software platform.
snakemake a workflow management system with a Python-style specification language.
in-place on questions about algorithms that modify the data in-place, as opposed to making a copy
ssms-2012 Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2012
maybe In Haskell, the Maybe type encapsulates an optional value.
jquery-gmap3 a jQuery wrapper for google maps API v3
icomparable Defines a generalized comparison method that a value type or class implements to create a type-specific comparison method for ordering instances.
application-cache The Application Cache , part of HTML5, allows a developer to specify which files the web browser should cache and make available to offline users
avplayeritem null
itemizedoverlay null
white a framework for automating rich client applications based on Win32, WinForms, WPF, Silverlight and SWT platforms.
dimensionality-reduction In machine learning and statistics, dimensionality reduction or dimension reduction is the process of reducing the number of random variables under consideration, and can be divided into feature selec…
dde a form of interprocess communication on Windows that uses shared memory to exchange data between applications
componentone ComponentOne, a division of GrapeCity, provide customers with the premier studio of innovative UI controls, tools, and solutions including deep functionality reporting, analysis, and spreadsheet plat…
currency-formatting a system of monetary units in common use
cakeyframeanimation Describes an animation that provides keyframe interpolation of a layer property in Apple's Core Animation framework.
app-transport-security a feature that improves the security of connections between an app and web services
amfphp a PHP open source library used to serialize/deserialize AMF packages
accord.net a framework for scientific computing in .NET
hindi the most spoken language of India, the world's second-most populated country
git-rewrite-history Rewriting the history of a Git repository, for example to edit old commits, remove unwanted data , rearrange file structure, fix commit metadata, etc.
internal-storage Referring to the Internal Storage capability of the Android API.
komodo a code editor for several languages which provides syntax highlighting, autocomplete, FTP/SFTP support, etc
numa NUMA stands for Non Uniform Memory Access
magrittr Provides a mechanism for chaining R commands with a new forward-pipe operator.
google-developers-console Before you can integrate Google APIs into your application, you must have a Google Developers Console project.
unirest a set of lightweight HTTP libraries available in PHP, Ruby, Python, Java, Objective-C.
android-settings android-settings can refer to a class that contains constants values used to launch system preferences screens
android-selector null
cc a common name for a C compiler executable or driver
dot-emacs .emacs is the name of the main configuration file of the emacs text editor.
application-design Application design is the process of creating a conceptual structured understanding of the different aspects of the application.
beep null
rdflib a Python library for working with RDF
esapi a library developed by the Open Web Application Security Project
zingchart a commercial JavaScript charting library with a feature-rich API set used to build interactive charts.
qt5.5 the newest version of Qt which is a cross-platform application framework that is widely used for developing application software that can be run on various software and hardware platforms wi…
django-permissions a pluggable django app that provides per-object permissions for Django based on roles
document-classification the act of assigning documents from a given set of documents to any of a number of classes, where those classes are known a priori.
babylonjs JavaScript framework for building 3D games with HTML 5 and WebGL.
read-the-docs Free documentation hosting for the Open Source community
terracotta an open source JVM-level clustering software for Java developed by Terracotta, Inc.
stateful one that stores information about what has happened or changed since it started running
sqlyog a MySQL manager and admin tool, combining the features from MySQL Administrator, phpMyAdmin and other GUI tools.
unboxing null
win32ole a proprietary interface to Microsoft applications
winbugs Questions about BUGS language for defining Bayesian models that can be run by the WinBUGS software package
onenote-api null
onelogin to ask us how-to questions about: * Using our open-source, IdP-agnostic SAML toolkits to implement web SSO for your app * Using our open-source, IdP-agnostic NAPPS toolkits to imple…
primeng-datatable Questions about the PrimeNG DataTable component from PrimeTek Informatics.
qtquickcontrols The Qt Quick Controls module provides a set of controls that can be used to build complete interfaces in Qt Quick
distribute python distribute module
team-explorer a client for Microsoft Visual Studio Team Foundation Server
static-content Static content generally refers to additional files or media that is delivered to browsers but not generated through the web application
fax the telephonic transmission of scanned printed material , normally to a telephone number connected to a printer or other output device
siddhi a lightweight, easy-to-use Open Source Complex Event Processing Engine under Apache Software License v2.0
gen-server gen_server stands for , a module behaviour in Erlang.
no-www The process of eliminating the usage of WWW to prefix URLs.
libspotify The libspotify C API package allows third-party developers to write applications that utilize the Spotify music streaming service.
java-security set of libraries, tools, and implementations of commonly used security algorithms, mechanisms, and protocols including cryptography, public key infrastructure, secure commu…
mplot3d a 3D plotting toolkit which ships with the matplotlib Python plotting library.
mxmlc Adobe's application compiler that compiles SWF files from ActionScript and MXML source files.
heidisql a useful and reliable tool designed for web developers using the popular MySQL server, Microsoft SQL databases and PostgreSQL
erlang-shell Erlang comes with an interactive shell where you can try out your Erlang code
acid Guaranteed properties of many database systems - This is an acronym for Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability.
business-logic-layer the layer in a multi-layer software architecture which separates the business logic from other layers such as the data access layer and user interface
cncontact a thread-safe class for Apple architectures that represent an immutable value object for contact properties, such as the first name and phone numbers of a cont…
chars a datatype that can hold a character of the implementation’s character set.
csla one of the most widely used open source development frameworks for Microsoft .NET
cppcheck an open source tool for static C/C++ code analysis that tries to detect bugs that a C/C++ compiler doesn't see.
bookdown an R package for authors to write books and long-form articles using R Markdown
azureportal The Microsoft Azure portal is a central place where you can create, manage, and monitor your Azure resources.
alexa-voice-service Using the Alexa Voice Service, you can develop a voice-powered UI to connected devices.
asp.net-authorization Authorization determines whether an identity should be granted access to a specific resource.
gitosis software to manage a collection of Git repositories on a server accessible by SSH, without creating local accounts for the users
guzzle6 null
microstrategy a proprietary business intelligence suite based on a ROLAP back-end similar to Cognos or Business Objects.
dbgrid Questions about Delphi visual component DBGrid might have this tag.
null-layout-manager null
securesocial An authentication module for Play Framework applications supporting OAuth, OAuth2, OpenID, Username/Password and custom authentication schemes.
timeserieschart A time series chart, also called a times series graph, is an illustration of data points at successive time intervals.
visual-studio-2008-sp1 For issues relating to Visual Studio 2008, Service Pack 1.
ng-hide The ngHide directive shows or hides the given HTML element based on the expression provided to the ngHide attribute
angularjs-ng-transclude Directive that marks the insertion point for the transcluded DOM of the nearest parent directive that uses transclusion.
sentence null
tableviewer Eclipse JFace TableViewer component, concrete viewer based on a SWT Table control.
openacc The OpenACC Application Program Interface describes a collection of compiler directives to specify loops and regions of code in standard C, C++ and Fortran to be offloaded from a host CPU to an attach…
batterylevel The amount of charge remaining in the battery of a portable electronic device
anonymous-inner-class local classes that are declared and instantiated inline.
hal Hardware abstraction layer
tunneling a technique that enables remote access users to connect to a variety of network resources through a public data network.
highcharts-ng A simple AngularJS directive for Highcharts.
wsadmin a command shell for administrating IBM Websphere Application Server.
linefeed a character that controls the switching to the next line.
linker-scripts control the memory layout of computer programs and details of the linking process.
private-methods null
progress-db Progress OpenEdge Relational Database Management System is a database server created and maintained by Progress Software Corporation.
one-hot-encoding null
onerror null
receipt null
sales null
toastr a JavaScript library for non-blocking notifications
stm a mechanism for synchronization in concurrent programming, which can perform groups of memory operations atomically
solidworks a 3D mechanical CAD program that runs on Microsoft Windows
spdy an experimental protocol for multiplexing multiple, concurrent streams over a single TCP connection.
traceroute traceroute traces the route taken by packets over a TCP/IP network
unchecked turn off a javac compiler warnings about failing to use generics because it does not have enough type information to perform all type checks necessary to ensure type safe…
uipasteboard used to store different types of data into iOS clipboard
otrs Open-source Help Desk and IT Service Management solution
printer-control-language relates to questions pertaining to PCL
rich-snippets extra, detailed pieces of information which appear under Google search results.
yii-url-manager The management of URL-addresses in web applications in the Yii framework.
azure-sqldw an enterprise-class distributed database in the Azure Cloud capable of processing up to petabyte volumes of relational and non-relational data
openoffice-writer related to OpenOffice.org Writer, a word processing application which is similar to Microsoft Word.
git-cherry-pick This command applies the changes introduced by some existing commits.
pg-promise Complete access layer to node-postgres via Promises/A+.
panorama-control a part of the native Windows Phone look and feel
dymola a commercial modeling and simulation environment based on the open Modelica modeling language.
contract null
mysql5 The MySQL™ software delivers a very fast, multi-threaded, multi-user, and robust SQL database server.
wireshark-dissector a powerful open source tool used to dissect Ethernet packets.
aspose-cells a spreadsheet component that allows .NET and Java developers to embed the ability to read, write, convert and manipulate Excel spreadsheets into their own applications without needing …
automatic-properties null
desktop-bridge Windows 10 Desktop Bridge platform and tooling allows developers to take advantage of UWP features and package as a Windows app.
elgg a open source social networking engine, that can help you build your own social site, public or private.
fiware-cygnus fiware-cygnus tag refers to the Cygnus connector implementation , allowing for Orion context data persistence in an historical way in several different storages such as HDFS, MySQL or…
apacheds an extensible and embeddable directory server entirely written in Java
angular-mock a module of the AngularJS framework providing features helpful for testing.
advanced-installer a setup authoring tool which is primarily used to creates Windows Installer MSI packages
bjam the old name of the engine used by Boost.Build The new name is b2
codesniffer for questions having to do with the PHP_CodeSniffer PEAR package from Squiz Labs, which is used for static analysis of PHP code.
delphi-10.2-tokyo a specific version of Delphi released in March 2017.
dita an XML architecture for documentation
django-template-filters django-template-filters refers to django template filters that are used to filter the contents of a variable in django templates
django-1.6 a version of the Django framework, released November 2013
adwhirl an open source mediator that enables one to serve ads in an app from any number of ad networks as well as one's own house ads
akka-persistence Akka persistence enables stateful actors to persist their internal state so that it can be recovered when an actor is started, restarted after a JVM crash or by a supervisor, or migrated in a cluster.
post-redirect-get a web development design pattern that prevents some duplicate form submissions, creating a more intuitive interface for user agents
fasm a fast and efficient self-assembling x86 assembler for DOS, Windows and Linux operating systems.
html-content-extraction Techniques for predicting/detecting certain article text and extracting it from a particular document.
msbi a suite of tools providing solutions for Business Intelligence Queries
model-view model-view describes the relationship between the model and the view when using model-view-controller
mina a network application framework which helps users develop high performance and high scalability network applications easily
deprecation-warning A deprecation warning indicates that a method is obsolete
controlsfx ControlsFX provides additional UI controls for JavaFX to complement the core JavaFX distribution.
javafx-webengine a non-visual object capable of managing one Web page at a time
null-pointer In computing, a null pointer has a value reserved for indicating that the pointer does not refer to a valid object.
ibdesignable a designation given to views in Xcode 6 that allows them to be rendered directly in Interface Builder without the need to build and run the application.
phpwebsocket a server-side implementation of a WebSocket server using the PHP language
sonarqube-web null
rakefile Rakefile: configuration file for Rake build language
pervasive an ACID-compliant DBMS developed by Actian Corporation.
openmodelica an open-source Modelica-based modeling and simulation environment.
strawberry-perl an open source community driven distribution of the Perl programming language for the Microsoft Windows platform.
rdoc the default embedded documentation generator for Ruby
symfony-3.1 the Symfony 3.1.x specific tag
odoo-view stored as objects
yosemite the eleventh major release of OS X, Apple Inc.'s desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers
zend-navigation a component for managing trees of pointers to web pages , on Zend Framework
zend-auth A class provided by the Zend Framework, an open source, object oriented PHP5 framework provided by Zend
database-permissions null
azure-cli The Azure CLI allows Azure users to manage their Azure assets and interact with their Azure services, applications, containers, and infrastructure in an idiomatic way.
displayobject null
dataoutputstream A mechanism for writing abstract data to a stream
tripledes a symmetric encryption algorithm that uses the DES cipher three times to encrypt each block of data
value-objects a fundamental concept of domain modeling in Domain-Driven Design.
socketchannel Issues related to socket channel for stream-oriented connecting sockets in Java
svn-hooks a program triggered by some repository event, such as the creation of a new revision or the modification of an unversioned property
susy an agnostic set of tools for SASS used for creating powerful, custom layouts
signtool a command-line tool that digitally signs files, verifies signatures in files, or time stamps files.
tiles2 a Java templating framework built to simplify the development of web application user interfaces.
psr-4 PSR-4 describes requirements that must be adhered to for autoloader interoperability in PHP
photon a realtime multiplayer cross-platform api from Exit Games.
ply an implementation of lex and yacc parsing tools for Python.
post-commit null
coda a commercial and proprietary web development application for Mac OS X, developed by Panic
workitem used for tracking work within TFS.
tag-it a tag editing jQuery UI widget with autocomplete support.
python-xarray an open source library that provides a range of N-dimensional data structures.
dynamic-binding the process of mapping a message to a specific piece of code at runtime.
concept a programming paradigm focusing on how concepts, that live in the programmer's head, translate into representations that are found in the code space
foselasticabundle FOSElasticaBundle - Elasticsearch PHP integration for your Symfony2 project using Elastica.
csvhelper a .NET library that allows for easy reading and writing of comma-separated values files.
nix a purely functional package manager.
letter a character representing one or more of the sounds used in speech; any of the symbols of an alphabet.
loss null
lync-2013 Microsoft Lync and Microsoft Lync for Mac are instant messaging clients used with Microsoft Lync Server or Lync Online available with Microsoft Office 365 and …
git-fetch git-fetch - Download objects and refs from another repository
gesturedetector An object which detects different types of gestures
gcdasyncsocket a TCP socket library built upon Grand Central Dispatch
dynamicquery for questions related to dynamic queries; queries that are built dynamically rather than provided as an explicit query string.
android-webservice a system that enables applications to communicate with an API
android-fusedlocation Synonym for Android Fused Location Provider which intelligently manages the underlying location technology and gives you the best location according to your needs.
apache-commons-logging a logging facade for the Java programming language.
apache-jena a free and open source Java framework for building Semantic Web and Linked Data applications.
gam a statistical model used to combine Generalized Linear Models with Additive Models.
round-robin Process scheduling algorithm based on time slice.A time quanta is given to each process for its execution
delayed-execution Delaying the execution of a program or a procedure by a given amount of time, or until the results are explicitly requested.
conduit a Haskell library for composable processing of streaming data.
berkshelf Manage a Cookbook or an Application's Cookbook dependencies
borland-c++ a command-line C/C++ programming environment for MS-DOS and Windows
channels null
xml-dtd a text file which lists the element and attribute mappings as well as hierarchy rules used to validate an XML dialect.
tag-cloud visual representation for text data, typically used to depict keyword metadata on websites, or to visualize free form text
boost-fusion a library for working with heterogenous collections of data, commonly referred to as tuples.
mapstruct a code generator for creating efficient, type-safe bean-to-bean mappings in Java.
splitter special windows/controls that are used to split another window/frame to subwindows
mysql-5.5 For MySQL questions specific to version 5.5.
genfromtxt Numpy function to create arrays from tabular data
clang-static-analyzer for the Clang Static Analyzer, an open source source code analysis tool which find bugs in C and Objective-C programs
gs-conditional-formatting Controlling the appearance of cell ranges in a Google Sheets spreadsheet , conditional upon the content of cells.
flask-security a Flask extension which adds basic security and authentication features to your Flask apps quickly and easily
webpack-hmr null
spring-social-facebook a module within the Spring Social family of projects that enables you to connect your Spring application with the Facebook Graph API.
magnetometer Anything related to magnetometers, i.e
vpython A free, open-source module for producing real-time 3D scenes with Python.
ninject-extensions a collection of open-source projects designed to extend the functionality of the Ninject open-source dependency injector for the .NET framework.
mars-simulator a IDE and Simulator for programming in MIPS assembly language, created at the Missouri State University.
ios8-extension Refers to the extensions added in iOS 8; may include Today extensions , Share extensions, Action extensions, photo editing extensions, custom keyboard extensions, document provider extensions…
jgrapht a free Java graph library that provides mathematical graph-theory objects and algorithms.
jquery-post used to PHP variables asynchronously from the current page without reloading or leaving the current page
google-play-developer-api The Google Play Developer API allows you to perform a number of publishing and app-management tasks in an automated way.
getfiles null
fuzzy-comparison the colloquial name for Approximate String matching, the technique of finding strings that match a pattern approximately .
function-parameter the variable names, listed in the definition of the function.
awesome-wm a dynamic window manager for the X Window System developed in the C and Lua programming languages
asp.net-identity-3 The third release of the ASP.NET Identity system which was designed to replace the previous ASP.NET Membership and Simple Membership systems
ceph a distributed object store and file system designed to provide excellent performance, reliability and scalability.
configurable-product A Magento product that has customizable options, which may be automatically copied to new products based on parent configurable product.
dailymotion-api The API to embed Dailymotion on a website or to query Dailymotion data
column-width null
codeplex An open source project hosting website from Microsoft
cartalyst-sentry A modern and framework agnostic authorization and authentication package featuring groups, permissions, custom hashing algorithms and additional security features.
applescript-objc a framework that allows Cocoa applications to be written in AppleScript
android-maven-plugin The android-maven-plugin allows building of Android applications and libraries with Apache Maven and provides many more features related to Android development.
superglobals built-in variables that are always available in all scopes.
rotatetransform used to change the Angle of rotation for a UIElement
flash-cc part of Adobe's Creative Cloud released in June 2013.
lru a family of caching algorithms, where LRU stands for least recently used.
lucee a light-weight dynamic scripting language for the JVM that enables the rapid development of simple to highly sophisticated web applications.
dot-product In mathematics, the dot product or scalar product is an algebraic operation that takes two equal-length sequences of numbers and returns a single number.
nullptr The C++11 keyword for a null pointer, it can be converted to any pointer type.
network-interface Anything related to network interfaces, i.e
mutt an open-source CLI email client
m The M Modelling Language was a component of Microsoft's project, later known as SQL Server Modeling CTP
leanback The Leanback Support Library provides APIs, resources, and widgets for building Android TV apps.
legend-properties legend-properties refers to various chart libraries and the ability to programmatically customise legends in charts generated by those libraries.
html-datalist The HTML5 <datalist> element represents a set of <option> elements that represent predefined options for other controls .
ecmascript-2017 for questions about features to be released in ECMAScript 2017
celltable gwt ui components usually bound to domain objects/ pojos
ciimage an image class from Apple's CoreImage framework
concurrentdictionary a .Net thread-safe collection of key-value pairs that can be accessed by multiple threads at the same time.
django-1.11 a version of the Django framework, released April 2017
dmg apple Disk iMaGe – a popular format for distributing OS X applications.
centos6.5 an Enterprise-class Linux Distribution derived from the sources of Red Hat Enterprise Linux and aiming to be fully compatible with RHEL
gallio an Automation Platform for .NET
cfquery the primary method of executing database queries and query-of-queries in ColdFusion/CFML.
archetypes a framework designed to ease the building of applications for Plone and CMF
arcore a platform for building augmented reality apps on Android, designed to work on a wide variety of qualified Android phones running Nougat and later.
access-specifier The access specifier in an object-oriented language determines how a class restricts access to its members.
jaxp The Java API for XML Processing enables applications to parse, transform, validate and query XML documents using an API that is independent of a particular XML processor implementation.
js-amd JavaScript Asynchronous Module Definition
modifier null
design-by-contract Design by Contract or Programming by Contract is an approach to designing computer software
docker-image an inert, immutable, file that's essentially a snapshot of a linux container
unity-webgl Unity's export format for web browsers.
in-clause a function, generaly used within a WHERE clause, that returns true if a value is in a given set
node-postgres a postgresql client module for node.js applications to interact with postgresql databases.
jira-agile Jira Agile, formerly known as Jira Greenhopper, is the Agile taskboard, planning and reporting add-on for Jira
audioqueue null
audiokit an audio synthesis, processing, and analysis platform for OS X, iOS, and tvOS.
dashdb a fully managed data warehousing service in the cloud.
proxy-server a server acting on behalf of other servers
repeatingalarm Alarm in Android that will be repeated after a certain pre-defined time interval.
webfaction a hosting company which offers managed shared or dedicated servers.
twitter-bootstrap-rails a toolkit from Twitter designed to kickstart development of webapps and sites.
tox a generic virtualenv management and test running tool.
visual-c++-2008 The November 2007 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows.
regexp-replace Oracle function that extends the functionality of the REPLACE function by allowing searching a string for a regular expression pattern
plm R package primarily concerned with panel data
pacman an arcade game developed by Namco and licensed for distribution in the United States by Midway, first released in Japan on May 22, 1980
zend-search-lucene a PHP library for creating and searching full text indexes using the Lucene index format.
yaml-cpp an open source C++ library, for parsing and emitting YAML.
compare-and-swap an atomic operation that writes a value to a memory location only if its current value is equal to a given expected value.
xap an XML-based declarative framework for building, deploying and maintaining rich, interactive Ajax powered web applications.
python-tesseract a wrapper class for Tesseract OCR that allows any conventional image files to be read and decoded into usable text.
transliteration Transliteration refers to the process of mapping letters or glyphs from one character encoding to another
chrome-native-messaging a Chrome-specific mechanism that allows Chrome extensions to communicate with Native applications running on the host machine.
childviewcontroller Apple's iOS Custom Container View Controller management style
observablelist A list that allows listeners to track changes when they occur.
sqlmembershipprovider used by the `Membership` and `MembershipUser` classes to provide membership services for an ASP.NET application using a SQL Server database.
msg the extension of Microsoft Outlook message files
jar-signing The Java™ platform enables you to digitally sign JAR files.Use this tag for question related to jarsigner command in java/JDK
eureka-forms for questions related to Eureka, an iOS form-building framework.
enyo An open-source JavaScript framework for building single-page applications, based on code that powered HP webOS 3.0 for the HP TouchPad device, but now supporting a wide range of desktop and mobile bro…
f#-fake a build automation system with capabilities which are similar to make and rake
http-put HTTP PUT Uploads a representation of the specified resource.
ignite-ui Component toolset of purely HTML+CSS+JavaScript components for modern web applications
google-cloud-ml-engine a managed, scalable service that enables building and training of machine learning models in the cloud as part of the Google Cloud suite of products: including TensorFlow, st…
elasticsearch-aggregation null
android-fingerprint-api Questions regarding the use of the Fingerprint Authentication API, introduced in Android 6.0 Marshmallow .
clgeocoder The CLGeocoder class provides services for converting between a coordinate and the user-friendly representation of that coordinate.
cracking Activities to break into computer or technology systems without authorized access.
complete null
executenonquery executes an SQL statement against the Connection object of a .NET Framework data provider, and returns the number of rows affected.
asteriskami a socket-based protocol for controlling the Asterisk telephony engine.
die a function in several languages
gui-testing gui-testing is a type of software testing that focuses on graphical user interfaces.
gwidgets gWidgets provides a toolkit-independent API for building GUIs for the R programming language.
friend-function a kind of function that is a of a given class is allowed access to private and protected data in that class that it would not normally be able to as if the data was …
emit null
ecmascript-7 Questions about new/changed features in version 7 of the ECMAScript specification officially known as ECMAScript 2016
mutual-exclusion Mutual exclusion means that processes must always execute critical sections in time intervals that do not overlap
ruby-1.8.7 For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.8.7.
spring-validator null
scala-2.11 null
gtktreeview a widget for displaying both trees and lists
lwp-useragent a class implementing a web user agent in the libwww-perl library.
couchbase-view Couchbase views enable indexing and querying of data
transpiler a compiler that translates the source code of one high-level programming language to the source code of another high-level programming language.
typed-arrays data structures used for parsing and modifying raw binary data via a specific byte layout.
urlloader null
app.yaml a configuration file for Google App Engine applications.
angular2-formbuilder null
yadcf Yet Another DataTables Column Filter https://github.com/vedmack/yadcf
hdf Hierarchical Data Format is a set of file formats and libraries designed to store and organize large amounts of numerical data.
reagent Reagent provides a minimalistic interface between ClojureScript and React.
rundeck an open source workflow automation tool with a web console, CLI tools and a Web API
tracker null
unusernotificationcenter Manages the notification-related activities for your app or app extension
tlb The translation lookaside buffer enables modern CPUs to quickly map virtual memory addresses to physical memory addresses and vice versa
system-properties System properties a key value pairs that can be provided to an application, often used to configure it at run time.
smartcontracts Smart contracts also known as a smart property are computer protocols that facilitate, verify, or enforce the negotiation or performance of a contract, or that make a contractual clause unnecessary.
squeryl a strongly typed, declarative and SQL like DSL for manipulating database objects from within the Scala language.
stage3d an API in Adobe Flash which allows developers to create hardware accelerated graphics.
setuid a file permission flag under Unix-like systems that will run an executable with the file owner's permissions rather than the invoking user's
regression-testing a form of software testing that focuses on retesting past fixed bugs to verify that recent changes to the software have not reactivated the old bugs.
azure-caching Azure Caching suite of offerings providing distributed, in-memory caching solution for Microsoft Azure applications
nestedscrollview null
typeid null
transport null
jdbcrealm implementation of realm …
live555 Cross-platform C++ source-code libraries for standards-based RTP/RTCP/RTSP/SIP multimedia streaming, suitable for embedded and/or low-cost streaming applications.
abstract-factory a design pattern that provides a way to encapsulate a group of individual factories that have a common theme without specifying their concrete classes
modular-arithmetic quite a useful tool in number theory
javascriptmvc an open source jQuery-based JavaScript framework for developing JavaScript application using traditional MVC architecture.
dynamic-typing a property of a programming language where type checks are performed mostly at run time.
eventaggregator null
ezpublish a PHP based CMF/CMS for publishing, especially editorial content.
gatsby A React.js static site generator.
asciidoc a lightweight markup language like Markdown, BBCode or MediaWiki markup.
activitygroup A screen that contains and runs multiple embedded activities
core.async A clojure/clojurescript library for asynchronous programming.
django-1.10 a version of the Django framework, released August 2016
dart-editor The Dart Editor provides an integrated development experience for the Dart language
charat used to provide a single character by its index within a string.
excel-indirect Returns the reference specified by a text string
accurev a commercial version control system.
google-cloud-speech Google Cloud Speech API enables developers to convert audio to text by applying powerful neural network models in an easy to use API
jackson2 only for questions specifically related to version 2 of the Jackson library
mutate a verb to create a new column in a data frame using dplyr package in R programming language.
spinlock a lock which causes a thread trying to acquire it to simply wait in a loop while repeatedly checking if the lock is available.
sql-server-2005-express for questions specific to scaled down, free edition of SQL Server 2005.
ansi-sql the American National Standards Institute standardized Structured Query Language
beego an open-source, high-performance, modular, full-stack web framework for the Go programming language.
webautomation Deals with programatically automating web browsing activities.
atmelstudio the integrated development platform for developing and debugging Atmel ARM Cortex-M and Atmel AVR microcontroller based applications.
propertyinfo null
print-preview a software function to display a document or page before it is produced in its final form - often a physically printed document.
paginator a common name for a component of several different software offerings which assists with pagination of the output from the software
onion-architecture a software architecture proposed by Jeffrey Palermo
textedit AMBIGUOUS, use with caution, since some questions use it for the built-in *text editor* of Max OS X, while others use it for a textedit field in *web development*, like Android for example…
sublimelinter a plugin for the Sublime Text editor, which integrates a variety of existing linting tools
tweenlite an extremely fast, lightweight, and flexible tweening engine that serves as the foundation of the GreenSock Animation Platform which is available in JavaScript, ActionScript 3, and…
xcasset an asset management file type and editor in Xcode 5.
entity-framework-ctp5 for the ADO.NET Entity Framework Community Technical Preview 5
jtableheader the Swing component which manages the header of the JTable.
zap OWASP Zed Attack Proxy : https://www.owasp.org/index.php/ZAP
jsonresult used to send JSON-formatted content to the response.
react-proptypes should be used if the question involves the type-checking system of React.js components, known as `PropTypes`.
react-rails Regarding React.js + Ruby on Rails, especially the `react-rails` gem.
httplib2 A comprehensive HTTP client library
actionfilterattribute a hybrid abstract class that implements an Attribute, an IActionFilter, and an IResultFilter
web-api-testing the functional testing of HTTP based services.
mojo SDK for development of webOS 1.x and 2.x apps using JavaScript and HTML
umbraco6 the sixth stable release of Umbraco - an open source content management system platform for publishing content on the World Wide Web and intranets
llvm-c++-api a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
mixed-content HTTPS page that includes content retrieved through cleartext HTTP
css-frameworks pre-prepared libraries that are meant to allow for easier, more standards-compliant styling of web pages using the Cascading Style Sheets language.
spring-mongo A spring-data connector that enables integration with MongoDB document database.
sourceforge a web-based source code repository, providing free hosting for open-source projects
lib null
github-for-mac an OS X client for the GitHub social coding community
android-contextmenu Tag for questions about the creation and use of the Android context menu.
apache-mina a network application framework which helps users develop high performance and high scalability network applications easily
rolify a very simple Roles library without any authorization enforcement supporting scope on resource object.
suffix-tree a data structure that stores all suffixes of a string
sunburst-diagram a kind of tree diagram, in which each layer is represented as a ring around a center, and nodes are represented as arcs within such layers
columnname null
bitrate the number of bits that are conveyed or processed per unit of time.
bitbucket-api The Bitbucket REST API allows third-party application developers the means for writing applications for the Bitbucket service.
email-verification null
cowboy a small, fast and modular HTTP server written in Erlang
access-rights Rights granted to a user for a particular entity instance.
kodi an award-winning free and open source software media center for playing videos, music, pictures, games, and more
jsoncpp an open source JSON reader and writer for C++
jqgrid-php Description Tag for the PHP wrapper of jqGrid
notnull refers to an object or type that is not null .
memory-mapping a technique whereby computer peripherals may be addressed as though they formed part of the main memory of the computer
libpq the C application programmer's interface to PostgreSQL
inetaddress null
slcomposeviewcontroller a class in the that presents a view to the user to compose a post for supported social networking services.
ccavenue a very popular payment gateway system in India
topological-sort A topological sort of a directed graph produces a linear ordering of its vertices such that, for every edge uv, u comes before v in the ordering.
stackexchange-api Question related to StackExchange API usage
fpu a part of a computer system specially designed to carry out operations on floating point numbers.
ordinal a mathematical designation of position or ordering.
jira-rest-java-api for developers who want to integrate JIRA with other Java-based standalone or web applications.
peg a formal language to describe formal languages.
odac data access drivers and tools for Windows.
oembed an open format for allowing an embedded representation of a URL on third party sites
backpack-for-laravel a collection of Laravel packages that PHP developers use to create administration panels, created by Cristian Tabacitu
tel a URI scheme specification for telephone numbers, which describes resources for telephone numbers linked to within documents.
lazy-sequences sequences that are constructed as their members are accessed.
launch-screen null
azure-container-service Microsoft Azure Container Service optimizes the configuration of popular open source tools and technologies specifically for Azure
blink an open source rendering engine forked from WebKit
time-format specifications used for unambiguous representation of dates and times
ubuntu-10.10 For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 10.10.
virtual-destructor A virtual destructor ensures a C++ object will correctly call the destructor of the most-derived class when a polymorphic object is deleted through a pointer to its base class.
strncpy used to copy a maximum of n characters of non-overlapping, fixed-width or null-terminated strings
simplecv an Open Source Framework for Machine Vision
ps1 Questions about the BASH shell's PS1 input prompt facility.
script-tag is an HTML element used to embed or include an executable script within an HTML document/web-page
smime S/MIME is a standard for public key encryption and signing of MIME data.
spring-data-solr one of the sub-projects of Spring Data oriented towards facilitating the use of the search engine Apache Solr.
valueconverter culture-aware
undeclared-identifier null
trial null
venn-diagram For questions about Venn diagrams.
remap null
bacon.js A small functional reactive programming library for JavaScript.
hbm2ddl hibernate utility to manage the creation and/or deployment of database schemas
waitpid a POSIX function designated for waiting for status changes and for obtaining the status information about the child process whose status has changed.
go-gorm an ORM library for the programming language Go, developed by jinzhu.
apportable The Apportable platform rebuilds iOS apps for Android, dramatically expanding the user base.
puphpet A simple GUI to set up virtual machines for Web development.
coremidi The Core MIDI framework provides APIs for communicating with MIDI devices.
structured-data a system of pairing a name with a value that helps search engines categorize and index your content
jquery-steps a smart UI component which allows you to easily create wizard-like interfaces
rc a file read at startup of a program
wpf-style a WPF mechanism to change the appearance and behaviour of WPF controls by modifing properties and attaching event handlers on WPF controls from a central point.
imagefilter a software routine that changes the appearance of an image or part of an image by altering the shades and colors of the pixels in some manner.
webassembly a new portable, size- and load-time-efficient format suitable for compilation to the web.
nunit-console the command line version of NUnit, provided so that you can run your unit tests from the command line.
ec2-ami For questions relating to virtual machine images on Amazon's EC2 infrastructure.
dbal Database Abstraction Layer for Doctrine ORM
sniffer a product that analyzes code or network data packets.
catia CATIA is a CAD/CAM/CAE software developed by the French company Dassault Systemes
slick-2.0 a modern database query and access library for Scala by Typesafe
dynamic-forms Dynamic PDF forms can re-render on the client depending on user interaction
meteor-collection2 a package for specifying a schema for collections in Meteor.
maven-tomcat-plugin The Tomcat Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container.
nested-if refers to a code structure in which multiple if-statements are placed in a form .
license-key a type of software protection and can take many forms
git-post-receive run on a git server after a git push command was issued.
gnustep a free implementation of Cocoa Objective-C libraries , widget toolkit, and application development tools
heartbeat a cluster messaging layer, often combined with pacemaker as the cluster resource manager.
hevc a video compression standard developed jointly by ISO/IEC and ITU-T as a successor to H.264/AVC
adorner Abstract class that represents a FrameworkElement that decorates a UIElement.
argumentexception a specific exception in the .NET framework thrown when one of the arguments provided to a method is not valid.
crc16 a 16-bit Cyclic Redundancy Check code, used mainly as an error detection method during data transmission.
color-palette null
detours about the Microsoft Detours library for intercepting arbitrary Win32 binary functions on x86, x64, and ARM machines.
dojox.charting a sub-library of the Dojo Toolkit, which is an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and…
changelog a log or record of changes made to a project.
android-n Android N
root-framework an object-oriented framework developed by CERN written in C++
alpha-beta-pruning A search algorithm that seeks to decrease the number of nodes, which are evaluated by the minimax algorithm, in its search tree
hgignore used to configure the Mercurial SCM to ignore specific files or file extensions, excluding them from a repository.
getaddrinfo `getaddrinfo` provides network address and service translation.
google-reader Questions about programmatically using Google Reader This may be done either via HTTP requests to the Google Re…
jacob a JAVA-COM Bridge that allows you to call COM Automation components from Java.
multinomial The multinomial distribution provides a probability distribution over three or more possible outcomes
duplication null
glpk The GLPK is, according to its website, a package for solving large-scale linear programming , mixed integer programming , and other related problems
android-hardware Devices and platforms running the Android operating system.
top-n null
sta Single-Threaded Apartment of the Component Object Model , as opposed to MTA
thread-priority Thread priorities specify the relative priority of one thread versus another.
mongo-java-driver The Java driver for MongoDB
openapi The OpenAPI Specification, originally known as the Swagger Specification, is a specification for machine-readable interface files for describing, producing, consuming, and visualizing RESTful Web serv…
puppet-enterprise the commercially supported and packaged release of Puppet.
treepanel null
atomikos A company that offers transaction management for eXtreme Transaction Processing , Service Oriented Architecture and open source environments
xcode4.4 an integrated development environment , developed by Apple Inc
rft Acronym for Rational Functional Tester, an IBM Rational product for automated GUI testing
user-defined null
shieldui a framework for building complex webpages
taskkill terminate tasks by process id or image name.
routed-events a way for a windows presentation foundation class to provide notifications to clients when some interesting thing happens to the object.
real-time-updates null
preferencefragment show a Preference Screen
printing-web-page null
search-box a common GUI element used in computer programs
tensorflow-datasets TensorFlow's `tf.data` module provides a functional API for building input pipelines, using the `tf.data.Dataset` and `tf.data.Iterator` classes.
stdlist A doubly linked list type defined as part of the standard template library.
uikit-dynamics a feature introduced in iOS 7 that enables dynamic behaviors, which offers a way to enhance the user experience by incorporating real-world behaviors and characteristics, such as gra…
invocationtargetexception a checked exception that wraps an exception thrown by an invoked method or constructor.
xmp The Adobe Extensible Metadata Platform is a standard, created by Adobe Systems Inc., for processing and storing standardized and proprietary information relating to the contents of a file.
xml-twig a Perl module that subclasses XML-Parser to allow easy processing of XML documents of all sizes.
zend-mail Zend_Mail provides generalized functionality to compose and send both text and MIME-compliant multipart e-mail messages.
rel The rel attribute specifies the relationship between the current document and the linked document
struts1 a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
ipython-parallel for questions related to IPython's architecture for parallel and distributed computing.
gojs a JavaScript library for implementing interactive diagrams
pypyodbc a pure Python ODBC interface module.
default-arguments a value passed to a certain parameter of a function if the user does not explicitly supply a value for that parameter.
symfony-2.2 the Symfony 2.2.x specific tag
ssrs-expression To set expression in SSRS Report
npm-scripts references the property of the package.json file supported by npm
coefficients a multiplicative factor in some term of a polynomial, a series or any expression; it is usually a number, but in any case does not involve any variables of the express…
android-loader an abstract class that performs asynchronous loading of data.
mybb a free and open source forum software, which is developed by the MyBB Group
nixos a Nix-based Linux distribution.
local-database null
m2m A type of relationship between entities of types A and B which associates a list of entities of type B to an entity of type A and vice versa
mage The Manifest Generation and Editing Tool is a command-line tool that supports the creation and editing of application and deployment manifests for Windows applications.
geotiff a public domain metadata standard which allows georeferencing information to be embedded within a TIFF file.
hk2 a light-weight and dynamic dependency injection framework for Java.
custom-routes null
astyanax a Java Cassandra client
audit-logging the practice of keeping records of system activity
alljoyn an open-source application development framework that enables ad hoc, proximity-based device-to-device communication that is OS agnostic.
cdo.message Part of Microsoft's Collaboration Data Objects it is usually used by WSH or .NET applications for e-mail message automation.
caroufredsel A jQuery plugin to create different kinds of carousels.
django-validation django-validation refers to form and field validation tools provided by Django out of the box
comexception a .NET exception and is thrown when an unrecognized HRESULT is returned from a COM method call.
compiler-theory a computer program that transforms source code written in a programming language into another computer language
compiler-bug For questions about incorrect behavior of a compiler
business-catalyst a hosted all-in-one solution for building and managing business websites
ekeventstore iOS Event Kit Calendar database
appfog a simple PaaS for Java, Node, .Net, Ruby, PHP, MySQL, Mongo, PostgreSQL, and more.
owin-middleware OWIN Middleware in the IIS integrated pipeline
kdevelop a IDE for C++ and Qt supporting cmake, qmake and custom makefiles
html-heading In HTML, the <h1>, <h2>,..
icomparer an interface provided by the .NET framework, used in conjunction with the Array.Sort and Array.BinarySearch methods
emv EMV stands for Europay, MasterCard and VISA, a global standard for inter-operation of integrated circuit cards and ICC capable point of sale terminals and automated teller …
liferay-ide the official set of Eclipse plug-ins supporting development for the Liferay Portal application platform.
nsundomanager a general-purpose recorder of operations for undo and redo.
collect for questions related to the act of gathering/collecting/grouping data/results from several nodes/places/computers to one resource.
classnotfound null
aws-java-sdk A Java API for AWS infrastructure services
aws-glue a fully managed ETL service that can categorize your data, clean it, enrich it, and move it between various data stores
main-activity the one which starts before the other ones.
section508 Section 508 refers to the amendment of the United States of America's Rehabilitation Act of 1973, which requires US Federal agencies to make their electronic and information technology accessible to p…
branch-prediction In computer architecture, a branch predictor is a digital circuit that tries to guess which way a branch will go before this is known for sure
opc-ua on questions that concern Open Platform Communications Unified Architecture, in contrast to legacy OLE-based OPC.
on-screen-keyboard For programming questions about creating or using an on-screen keyboard , including osk.exe included with Windows.
reply null
request-mapping null
android-backup-service integrated with Android's data backup framework to perform data backup and restore for most devices running Android 2.2 or greater, using Google servers and a backup transpor…
cosine Anything related to the mathematical cosine function, usually abbreviated as `cos` and often found with this name as a library function in most programming languages.
auc The area under the ROC curve can be thought of as a single scalar representation of the ROC curve itself
iphone-web-app null
xmlslurper a Groovy class that makes parsing and working with XML simpler than with Java.
netflix-feign A framework created by Netflix to help connect your code to http APIs
ios-camera null
uimanageddocument a concrete subclass of UIDocument that integrates with Core Data
unary-operator null
phonegap-desktop-app a GUI built on top of the CLI version, it is compatible with Cordova projects too.
otto an event bus designed to decouple different parts of your application while still allowing them to communicate efficiently
payara a drop-in replacement for the open source GlassFish Application Server
salesforce-service-cloud a customer service portal that can be extended by programmers.
quantstrat a quantitative strategy framework for R
visual-studio-templates A number of predefined project and project item templates are installed when you install Visual Studio.
subviews for questions related to extracting/manipulating/removing subviews
blit BLock Image Transfer - Involves copying one bitmap onto another using a raster operator.
net-ssh A pure-Ruby implementation of the SSH2 client protocol
qtkit an Objective-C framework with an API for manipulating time-based media.
data-management null
youtube-data-api-v3 The YouTube Data API offers YouTube functionality for third-party applications
authorize null
android-bundle pass data between various Activities & Fragments in Android
redgate Redgate Software makes tools for Microsoft Developers working with SQL, .NET, Oracle and Cloud
mapactivity An Android base class with code to manage the boring necessities of any activity that displays a MapView.
sendfile the general function representation of sending data/file over the network
openrefine the new name for the data cleaning tool which used to be called Google Refine
hibernate-entitymanager Hibernate EntityManager implements the programming interfaces and lifecycle rules as defined by the JPA 2.0 specification.
sip-server the main component of an IP PBX, dealing with the setup of all SIP calls in the network.
thread-local-storage a computer programming method that uses static or global memory local to a thread
jdbi an extension library over standard JDBC, to make writing relational database access more convenient from Java.
jcenter the place to find and share popular Apache Maven packages for use by Maven, Gradle, Ivy, SBT, etc
array-filter the function in PHP which helps to filter the array conditionally i.e
nsstatusitem The NSStatusItem class represents the individual elements displayed within an NSStatusBar object.
webrat an acceptance testing library for Web applications written in Ruby
flexdashboard An Easy interactive dashboards for R.
script# a free tool that generates JavaScript by compiling C# source code.
ssh.net an open-source .NET port of the Java Sharp.SSH library and is available under the BSD and MIT license.
constructor-injection the Dependency Injection technique of passing an object's dependencies to its constructor.
sqlprofiler a graphical user interface to SQL Trace for monitoring an instance of the Database Engine or Analysis Services
aws-ec2 Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud is a web service with resizable compute capacity in the cloud
mdiparent MDI stands for Multiple Document Interface
dynamic-content Web site or blog content that changes frequently and engages the reader
mobile-webkit an open source web browser engine that powers the pre-installed browsers for Android, iOS, RIM Blackberry, Symbian and WebOS.
mxgraph an open source client side JavaScript diagramming library that uses SVG and HTML for rendering
locate null
jquery-slider The jQuery UI Slider plugin makes selected elements into sliders
dtmf Related to transmitting or receiving Dual-Tone Multi-Frequency signaling, a technology used in analog telephony.
ffprobe ffprobe gathers information from multimedia streams and prints it in human- and machine-readable fashion.
summarization the process of identifying the most important information from a source, or a number of sources, in order to present it in a short form.
gapi the JavaScript name for the Google APIs
gbm R package gbm, implementing Generalized Boosted Regression Models library.
digital null
dht a data structure used to store data in the form of Key=>Value pairs
avplayerlayer a subclass of CALayer to which an AVPlayer object can direct its visual output.
conemu a console window and tabbed environment for Windows.
domino-designer-eclipse IBM Domino Designer - a high-performance application development environment that runs on platforms IBM Notes and IBM Domino.
datastax-startup null
cardinality In data modeling, the cardinality of one data table with respect to another data table is a critical aspect of database design
wijmo a line of HTML5 and JavaScript products for enterprise application development.
podspec the file extension for CocoaPods, which is distributed as a ruby gem
apache-commons-beanutils Provides dynamic access to Java Bean object properties
android-expansion-files used if your application requires more than 50MB of space, you can use expansion files to store additional APK assets.
angular-module You can think of an AngularJS module as a container for the different parts of your app – controllers, services, filters, directives, etc.
sharepoint-apps null
airprint the name of Apple's printing framework for iOS.
facebook-app-requests null
eventlet a concurrent networking library for Python that provides performance and scalability of non-blocking IO while writing simple blocking code using green threads.
http-streaming HTTP server push is a mechanism for sending data from a web server to a web browser.
hashlib null
graphhopper a fast and Open Source route planner library and server written in Java.
jexcelapi Java Excel API - A Java API to read, write, and modify Excel spreadsheets
jersey-1.0 the open source, production quality, JAX-RS 1.1 reference implementation for building RESTful Web services
konvajs an HTML5 Canvas JavaScript framework that enables high performance animations, transitions, node nesting, layering, filtering, caching, event handling for desktop and mobile applications.
mutation maintain genetic diversity from one generation of a population to the next
memory-limit null
android-sliding null
mechanize-ruby The Ruby library for automating interaction with websites.
spl-autoload-register PHP function to register a function with the Standard PHP Library provided `__autoload` stack
mysql-connect The `mysql_connect` function opens a connection to a MySQL server.
sqlgeography The SqlGeography type represents data in a geodetic coordinate system.
r-tree a popular index structure for spatial data, stored as Minimum Bounding Rectangles .
auto-ptr A C++ template class that provides a limited garbage collection facility for pointers, by allowing pointers to have the elements they point to automatically destroyed when the auto_ptr object is itsel…
deedle an easy to use library for data and time series manipulation
sendinput Synthesizes keystrokes, mouse motions, and button clicks.
square-bracket The symbols , commonly used in programming languages
refluxjs A simple library for uni-directional dataflow application architecture inspired by ReactJS Flux
payflowpro a payment processing service offered by PayPal to process payments directly on an e-commerce site without having to go through a page hosted by PayPal
page-title null
onload-event null
phone-state-listener A listener class, in Android, for monitoring changes in specific telephony states on the device, including service state, signal strength, message waiting indicator , and others.
phonon the multimedia API provided by Qt.
pci-dss The Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard is a worldwide information security standard assembled by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council .
quartz null
q-learning a model-free reinforcement learning technique.
stockquotes The price of a stock as quoted by an exchange at a given time
tab-delimited The tab delimited format stores information where each record takes one line of storage in the text file and individual fields in one record are separated by a
typo3-8.x a free and open source web content management system written in PHP
nexus-5 a smartphone co-developed by Google and LG Electronics that runs the Android operating system.
xmltable XMLTable maps the result of an XQuery evaluation into relational rows and columns
xerces-c A processor for parsing, validating, serializing and manipulating XML, written in C++
staticresource StaticResource refers to a Xaml Markup Extension implemented as part of the Windows Presentation Foundation Resource Model.
datapager Provides paging functionality for data-bound controls that implement the IPageableItemContainer interface, such as the ListView control.
qtimer a timer class provided by the cross-platform Qt framework.
invert null
rickshaw an opensource JavaScript toolkit for creating interactive time series graphs.
functional-interface A functional interface in the Java language refers to an interface with a single abstract method
angular2-pipe An Angular 2 pipe takes in data as input and transforms it to a desired output.
mapserver an Open Source geographic data rendering engine written in C
application-restart Questions based on restarting programs in various programming languages belong in this tag.
fitbit The Fitbit API allows developers to interact with Fitbit data in their own applications, products and services.
ip-geolocation IP Geolocation refers to services or APIs that provide the capability to locate an address by an IP address.
httpbuilder a wrapper for Apache's HttpClient, with some Groovy syntactical sugar thrown on top
mithril.js a client-side MVC framework.
storing-data null
openmdao a Python-based, open-source, multidisciplinary optimization framework with support for analytic derivatives and distributed HPC computing
mongodump a utility for creating a binary export of the contents of a database.
ctime CTime Class The upper date limit is 12/31/3000
sbjson Related to the SBJson Objective-C JSON parser/generator.
forth a dynamic, procedural, stack based programming language developed by Charles Moore.
xp-cmdshell an extended stored procedure provided by SQL Server, which launches a Windows command shell to run a specified command
aws-kinesis-firehose a fully managed service for delivering real-time streaming data to destinations
802.11 a family of IEEE technical standards for mobile communication devices such as laptop computers or multi-mode phones to join a wireless local area network widely used in the home, publ…
phpspec A php toolset to drive emergent design by specification.
maven-war-plugin responsible for collecting all artifact dependencies, classes and resources of the web application and packaging them into a web application archive.
mmu For programming the MMU hardware to implement paging or virtual addressing
nano an open source, curses-based text editor for Unix systems
file-browser a computer program that provides a user interface to manage files and folders.
cdf an acronym for cumulative distribution function
beta-testing A test for a computer product prior to commercial release.
beyondcompare a tool used to compare files and directories.
banner-ads null
commandbinding Binds a RoutedCommand to the event handlers that implement the command.
codeship A simple to use Continuous Integration and Delivery software as a service
cpu-speed CPU speed determines how fast your process can perform tasks
datawindow a container for database originated data in a PowerBuilder application
delphi-prism a rapid application development tool for the Microsoft .NET Framework and Mono, developed by RemObjects Software and distributed by Embarcadero Technologies
barcode-printing The generation of barcode symbols on printed media.
cedet a Collection of Emacs Development Environment Tools written with the end goal of creating an advanced development environment in Emacs
chartboost the business & promotion engine for your mobile game portfolio.
clover a Java code coverage & test optimization application.
packagemaker a utility for creating installer packages to be used with Mac OS X
didreceivememorywarning a method called by the iOS system to tell your app to deallocate recreate-able assets when device memory reaches a critical level.
utilities null
meshlab an open source program for editing 3D triangle mesh files in various formats
mfmessagecomposeview The` MFMessageComposeViewController` class provides a standard system user interface for composing text messages.
elasticsearch-dsl elasticsearch provides a full Query DSL based on JSON to define queries
fizzbuzz a game, algorithm and a common programming task of replacing any number divisible by three with the word
graphael gRaphaël: A JavaScript library for drawing charts, uses the Raphaël library.
hubspot a company that develops and markets a software-as-a-service product for inbound marketing also called HubSpot
locked null
collectd a daemon which collects system and application performance statistics periodically and provides mechanisms to query and store the values in a variety of ways, for example using RRD files.
aws-codepipeline a continuous delivery service for fast and reliable application updates
dotnet-cli For use of questions about the .NET Core command line tool-chain
flat A flat style means a leveled, even, bi-dimensional style of UI components
css-multicolumn-layout The Multi-Column Layout module in CSS allow users to layout their content in a column format, based on a number of different properties.
autoprefixer Parse CSS and add vendor prefixes to CSS rules using values from Can I Use.
uninstaller An uninstaller, also called a deinstaller, is a utility software designed to remove other software or parts of it from a computer.
jboss-4.2.x Version 4.2.x of the JBoss Application Server.
uitextviewdelegate A text view delegate responds to editing-related messages from the text view
drupal-commerce an e-commerce framework built on Drupal.
pdf-reader An application or API that understands and parses PDF syntax allowing the manipulation or inspection of the objects contained in the PDF.
rhel5 For development issues encountered while using Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5
qscrollarea a Qt class that provides scrolling functionality to other widgets.
clojure-java-interop null
trinidad a JSF component library
virtualtreeview free Delphi component written by Mike Lischke.
web-storage a standardised way of providing larger amounts of client-side storage and of more appropriately session storage and locally persistent storage.
throws Excerpt from http://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Java_Programming/Keywords/throws throws is a Java keyword
scripting-bridge a Cocoa framework that enables developers to communicate with scriptable applications in Objective-C.
setwindowshookex to better reference questions related to SetWindowsHookEx
pcsc PC/SC stands for , and is a specification for integration of smart cards with personal computers.
openx An open source ad technology platform written in PHP that serves as an alternative to Google's AdSense.
pop-up Pop-up refers to a window or dialog box that is presented or called by another program or window.
stm32f4 First addition including datasheet link
sitecore8.1 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
tnsnames a client site configuration file with database server connection details.
cross-domain-policy Cross-domain policy refers to the browser restrictions on script, stylesheet, and plugin execution across domains, protocols, and ports.
wss4j a Java implementation of the primary security standards for Web Services, namely the OASIS Web Services Security specifications from the OASIS Web Services Security …
federation null
pdflib a library for generating and manipulating files in Adobe’s well known Portable Document Format .
rangeslider null
qbytearray a class from the Qt toolkit which provides an array of bytes.
capacity Questions about resource capacity
mipmaps pre-calculated, optimized collections of images that accompany a main texture, intended to increase rendering speed and reduce aliasing artifacts.
opensl a royalty-free, cross-platform, hardware-accelerated audio API tuned for embedded systems.
multiview null
facebook-group a collection of Facebook users
ruby-2.1 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.1
fortran-iso-c-binding The standard Fortran interoperability with C consists of the `BIND` attribute, which enables C calling conventions and changes symbol names and the ISO_C_BINDING module , which provides access to …
adk ADK refers to an Arduino based development Kit for the Android Open Accessory Protocol
doublebuffered A computer-graphics technique for updating a dynamic image that greatly reduces the visual artifacts, especially flicker, caused by the screen pixels being changed
measurement-protocol The Google Analytics Measurement Protocol allows developers to make HTTP requests to send raw user interaction data directly to Google Analytics servers.
geopy geopy allows you to convert between partial place names and latitude/longitude coordinates by wrapping six different online API's and providing access through one standard interface.
inorder A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed after its left child, but before its right child.
javax Pointless catch-all tag
mx-record used by the Domain Name System to control the delivery of email to mail servers using SMTP.
multi-gpu This refers to one application's using multiple graphics-processing units, either in traditional or general-purpose applications.
members null
meteor-react null
ibm-was IBM® WebSphere® Application Server offers options for a faster, more flexible Java application server runtime environment with enhanced reliability and resiliency.
gitlab-omnibus Omnibus Gitlab creates platform-specific, full-stack downloadable packages for GitLab.
eventual-consistency a consistency model used in distributed computing that informally guarantees that, if no new updates are made to a given data item, eventually all accesses to that item will re…
alloc null
asynctaskloader an Android Loader that uses an AsyncTask to do the loading of data in a background thread.
aurelia-framework null
digital-logic the representation of signals and sequencing of a digital circuit
custom-renderer Custom Renderers let developers 'override' the default native rendering behaviour in Xamarin.Forms.
pocketpc also known by Microsoft as a 'Windows Mobile Classic device'
copyfile null
contentpresenter null
devicetoken A 32-byte binary identifier used to identify an iOS device for the purpose of sending it Apple Push Notifications.
pointer-to-member normally used with questions about creating a pointer to a non-static member function of a class in the C++ programming language
biztalk-2009 6th version of Microsoft's ESB and B2B platform.
cartesian null
galaxy-tab an Android-based tablet computer produced by Samsung.
arcgis-server part of Esri's ArcGIS platform of Geographic Information Software
apache-cordova an open-source mobile development framework
adobe-indesign Adobe's scriptable publishing software.
elfinder open-source file manager for web, written in JavaScript using jQuery and jQuery UI
glu The OpenGL Utility Library
handles null
ibm-mobile-services for questions related to IBM Cloud Mobile Services, which offers solutions and services built to enable you to accelerate and optimize mobile app development.
isolation null
interlocked Provides atomic operations for variables that are shared by multiple threads.
opa an open source programming language for both backend and frontend web development
yo a command-line interface tool for running Yeoman generators
cross-reference a notation or direction at one place to pertinent information at another place
disk-partitioning related to disk partitions and their attributes, creation and maintenance.
ui-select2 An AngularJS wrapper for select2, different from
wallet applicable for questions relating to Apple Wallet , Apple Pay, and Apple's PassKit framework
video-editing the act of trimming, modifying or updating a video
socket-timeout-exception Signals that a timeout has occurred on a socket read or accept.
slowdown null
precision-recall statistical measures of performance for information retrieval algorithms based on binary classification
project.json the project definition file used by .NET Core in version 1.0 and earlier.
orchestration Orchestration refers to a very high level of control, coordination and management of computer systems and services in order to automate processes.
outofrangeexception thrown because the value of a variable is outside the allowed range
serverless a cloud computing execution model in which the cloud provider dynamically manages the allocation of machine resources
rrd a database that typically holds cyclical data points and remains a constant size over time.
qpython Python scripting facility for Android
operand null
python-embedding Questions regarding embedding Python interpreter in other applications, such that it may serve as a scripting language.
socrata a company which provides government data services
spymemcached a single-threaded, asynchronous memcached client written in java.
terminal-emulator programs that emulate a terminal within some other display architecture
termios Unix API for terminal I/O.
kvc a mechanism for accessing an object’s properties indirectly, using strings to identify properties, rather than through invocation of an accessor method or accessing them directly t…
youtube-channels null
jszip Create, read and edit .zip files with Javascript
appcode a smart IDE for iOS/macOS development by JetBrains
xhtml-1.0-strict a legacy version of HTML that was formulated as the XML equivalent to strict HTML 4.01
symbolicatecrash for questions related to symbolicating a crash report/log
couchdb-futon A built-in web-based administration console for apache couchdb
firefox4 Version 4 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
papaparse a fast and powerful CSV parser for JavaScript.
favorites null
hsl cylindrical color model that determines colors by hue , saturation and lightness .
hotswap refers to dynamically replacing a class implementation during the runtime of an application.
mapnik Open Source C++ Map Rendering toolkit
oledbdataadapter a part of the ADO.NET Data Provider and it resides in the System.Data.OleDb namespace.
library-project A project that will be compiled as a library
ndis a programming framework for low-level network drivers on Microsoft Windows
kinvey a Backend as a Service platform for mobile and web apps.
spring-form A set of tags provided by Spring that help rendering and processing forms on JSP pages.
lyx a multi-platform document processor that serves as a frontend to the LaTeX typesetting environment.
keyboard-layout null
maskedinput This jQuery plugin allows the application of a mask for fixed width inputs
my.cnf Configuration file for MySQL programs, particularly for the mysqld server.
node.js-addon Native C++ addons for node.js
nsevent An object sent along to your app from macOS that contains information about an input action such as a mouse click or a key press.
ibmsbt The IBM Social Business Toolkit contains tools for developers to build social applications and interact with IBM Collaboration Solutions products like IBM Connections, IBM Domino, IBM Domino Social Ed…
google-cloud-spanner a relational, highly scalable, managed, database service
dup2 a c system call that duplicates a file descriptor
facebook-chat For questions relating to Facebook's Chat API
flow-control the process of managing the rate of data transmission between two nodes to prevent a fast sender from outrunning a slow receiver.
accumulator a register in a computer processor in which intermediate arithmetic and logic results are stored.
android-x86 an open source project with the purpose of porting the Android system to x86 platforms
mfc-feature-pack a set of enhancements to the version 9 of MFC to enable MFC-based applications to take on the look and feel of Microsoft Windows and Office applications
bullet an Open Source collision detection and rigid body dynamics library
karma-coverage A plugin for Karma that generate code coverage.
detachedcriteria null
ddp Meteor communication protocol
cpack a packing and install tool for CMake generated projects
curator a set of Java libraries that originated at Netflix and make using Apache ZooKeeper much easier
devenv the file name of the main executable of Microsoft Visual Studio.
cargo a thin wrapper that allows you to manipulate Java EE containers in a standard way
point-in-polygon Algorithm for determining whether a point is inside a polygon
embedded-fonts the inclusion of font files within an electronic document
roman-numerals an ancient way of representing numbers
uv-mapping the 3D modeling process of making a 2D image representation of a 3D model.
avspeechsynthesizer an audio API included in the iOS 7.0+ SDK
ace The ADAPTIVE Communication Environment , a C++ network programming toolkit
postconstruct a Java EE annotation used to select a method that needs to be executed after dependency injection is done to perform any initialization.
getimagesize null
nsurlsessiondatatask null
lexical-scope Lexical scoping is a convention used with many programming languages that sets the scope of a variable so that it may only be called
linq-to-dataset a component of Language Integrated Query that provides SQL-style query capabilities against ADO.NET DataSet objects from .NET languages.
joomla-component the main Joomla extensions, which provide vital functionality for every Joomla website
numerical-analysis the study of algorithms that use numerical approximation, as opposed to general symbolic manipulations.
hypervisor A hypervisor or virtual machine monitor is a piece of computer software, firmware or hardware that creates and runs virtual machines.
winscp-net a .NET wrapper around WinSCP's scripting interface that allows your code to connect to a remote machine and manipulate remote files over SFTP, FTP, WebDAV a…
wmp For issues relating to interfacing with the Windows Media Player .
glreadpixels an OpenGL API function to read pixels data from source framebuffer to destination memory buffer
sonata-media-bundle a main bundle of Sonata admin which handles all media providers like youtube,vimeo,dailymotion,files and provides a structure to build custom media provider.The S…
luigi a Python package that helps you build complex pipelines of batch jobs.
tintcolor a property of UIView
sna the methodical analysis of social networks
pdf-viewer An application that allows users to view Portable Document Format files.
osc a protocol for communication among computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices that is optimized for modern networking technology.
fat32 a filesystem format that is used on flash drives and older systems
attask a web-based work management and project management software.
array-map PHP's array_map function accepts Callback function to run for each element in each array and an array to run through the callback function.
python-behave a BDD framework for Python, based on the Cucumber Framework.
deferred-execution null
mixed null
requestdispatcher used for receiving requests from the client and sending them to any resource on the server.
nfc-p2p Peer-to-peer mode for Near Field Communication is a mode where two NFC devices can directly communicate with each other.
invite null
smali the assembly language for the Android Dalvik Virtual Machine and is based on the Jasmin Java assembly language.
warbler a gem to make a Java jar or war file out of any Ruby, Rails, Merb, or Rack application.
schematron a structural, rule-based validation language for XML documents
pos-tagging Part-of-speech tagging is the process of marking up a word in a text corpus as corresponding to a particular part of speech, based on both its definition, as well as its context.
pimcore an open source content management system running on PHP and MySQL, released under the terms of the GPLv3 Licence and based on Zend Framework and ExtJS.
wakanda an open-source web framework for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript
variadic-macros a feature of the C-preprocessor that permit a variable number of arguments to a macro
webhdfs a REST API that supports the complete FileSystem interface for hdfs
spservices a jQuery library which abstracts SharePoint's Web Services and makes them easier to use.
table-relationships null
subject null
vbox a JavaFX layout pane that lays out its children in a single vertical column.
propagation null
regions null
ng-controller The ngController directive attaches a controller class to the view
filenet-p8 an Enterprise Content Management System produced by IBM
fileserver a computer attached to a network that has the primary purpose of providing a location for shared disk access, i.e
worklight-security IBM Worklight security framework makes available security principles and techniques to implement and configure a secure Worklight mobile apps, adapters, data and web resources.
deep Anything related to so-called deep operations on recursive data structures, such as trees
cornerradius is for questions dealing with the radius used when drawing rounded corners for a layer's background.
qglwidget The QGLWidget class, part of the Qt framework, is a widget for rendering OpenGL graphics.
coreml Apple's Core ML framework and tools for making predictions using Machine Learning
cancellationtokensource Produces a CancellationToken and allows to single for its cancellation
testng-eclipse The TestNG Eclipse plug-in allows you to run your TestNG tests from Eclipse and easily monitor their execution and their output.
treetable Query plugin for displaying a tree structure in a table, i.e
angularjs-module a global place for creating, registering and retrieving Angular modules
inline-code written into the body of a program, in the same or different language as/than the host language.
gtfs The General Transit Feed Specification defines a common format for public transportation schedules and associated geographic information.
olingo Apache Olingo provides a client and server framework for the Open Data Protocol
spine.js a lightweight framework for building JavaScript web applications.
binder Android's lightweight remote procedure call mechanism designed for high performance when performing in-process and cross-process calls.
null-coalescing-operator The null-coalescing operator
graph-tool an efficient Python module for manipulation and statistical analysis of graphs
bridging-header null
broken-pipe a general term for when a process is unable to output to a socket or pipe due to no process reading from the other end of the pipe.
unix-domain-sockets Streams for host local interprocess communication based on sockets for Unix/Linux platforms.
facets Facets define characteristics and requirements for Java EE projects and are used as part of the runtime configuration
css-preprocessor languages written for the sole purpose of adding cool, inventive features to CSS while requiring minimal, yet efficient, code
jibx a tool for binding XML data to Java objects
ios9.3 should be used in questions that specifically relate to iOS 9.3
neovim a fork of Vim that aims to improve upon Vim's out-of-the-box experience and allow for more powerful plugins and GUIs.
generated-code null
alasql a SQL database and data manipulation library, written on pure JavaScript and designed to work in browsers and Node.js
avcapture iOS video capture API for both Swift and Objective-C
asciidoctor An open source Ruby processor for converting AsciiDoc markup into HTML 5, DocBook 4.5 and other formats.
dead-code code in the source code of a program which is executed but whose result is never used or a code that can never be reached or used.
directoryinfo The .NET DirectoryInfo object contains detailed information about a directory on the filesystem.
django-unittest django-unittest tag refers to writing unit tests in Django, tests that are expressed as methods on a Python class that subclasses unittest.TestCase or Django's customized TestCase.
datepart a T-SQL function that converts a DATE type to INT according to provided format.
chatroom places where multiple users can communicate online and talk about a specific topic.
bounded-wildcard a type argument of the form
arcobjects a development environment for ArcGIS applications by ESRI.
difflib A python module, provides tools for computing and working with differences between sequences, especially useful for comparing text
rotativa an ASP.NET MVC library providing a means to render HTML to PDF from an MVC Controller.
grails-3.1 Version 3.1 of the grails Open Source web application framework that uses the Spring, Hibernate, Groovy programming language, which is in turn based on the Java virtual machine and Java
installscript the official language for scripting installations in InstallShield and related products
flash-builder4.5 an Eclipse based IDE for Flex application development.
eclipse-rap The Eclipse Remote Application Platform lets you build rich, Ajax-enabled Web applications by using the Eclipse development model/ Use this tag for questions which are specific to RAP rather than gene…
eofexception An exception that occurs when reading from a stream or file, and indicates that the end of the file has been reached earlier than expected
java-5 Java SE version 5 was released in September 2004 and is no longer supported by Sun as of November 2009
for-xml-path a SQL Server query directive to return the rowset as an XML document using mode.
sigma.js a lightweight open-source JavaScript library for drawing graphs.
lte LTE - Long Term Evolution
sklabelnode Node that draws strings on iOS systems.
asp.net-roles ASP.NET role management helps you to manage authorization, allowing you to specify which resources various users in your application are allowed to access
maven-antrun-plugin This plugin provides the ability to run Ant tasks from within Maven
fogbugz a bug tracker and issue tracker made by Fog Creek Software.
red inspired by the interpreted language Rebol, but is compiled and hence has a wider range of application...from device drivers to high-level purposes
druid a column-oriented open-source distributed data store written in Java.
hibernate-tools a toolset for Hibernate implemented as an integrated suite of Eclipse plugins, together with a unified Ant task for integration into the build cycle
prop The prop function was added in jQuery 1.6 library
propertychanged null
netbeans6.8 the version 6.8 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
qtnetwork The QtNetwork module provides classes to make network programming easier and portable
symmetricds open source software for both file and database synchronization with support for multi-master replication, filtered synchronization, and transformation across the network in a heterogen…
swift2.3 For questions specific to version 2.3 of the Swift programming language
vhd a file format which represents a virtual hard disk drive
vitamio an open multimedia framework for Android and iOS, with full and real hardware accelerated decoder and renderer.
underscores The underscore character, Unicode Character 'LOW LINE'
twitter-bootstrap-tooltip for questions related to the Twitter Bootstrap tooltip jQuery plugin.
twisted.web Twisted Web provides a simple, stable HTTP server built on top of Twisted framework
one-time-password designed as single use passwords which expire after use
segment-tree a heap-like data structure that can be used for making update/query operations upon array intervals in logarithmical time.
scalding a scala DSL for Cascading, running on Hadoop.
select-query null
referer null
oraclereports tool for developing reports against data stored in an Oracle database
oracleclient Oracle Instant Client enables applications to connect to a local or remote Oracle Database for development and production deployment.
oracle-apex-5.1 Oracle's primary tool for developing Web applications with SQL and PL/SQL
to-date sql function that converts string to date
subgraph for questions related to a Subgraph, a part of a larger graph.
throttle a mechanism to regulate the rate at which processing is performed
react-native-maps a set of components developed by Airbnb to facilitate the rendering of map components using React Native framework on both Android and iOS
hazelcast-imap null
hcatalog Table and storage management service for data created using Apache Hadoop.
heading null
jsplitpane a java swing component used to divide two components.
ng2-charts The ng-2 charts library wraps the Charts.js library to make it easily accessible in Angular 2+.
animate-cc for question pertaining to Adobe's software .
hibernate-onetomany Questions regarding the implementation of one to many relations using Hibernate ORM framework
request.querystring null
bcl The .NET Framework Base Class Library is a library of classes, interfaces, and value types that provides access to system functionality and is designed to be the foundation on which .NET Framewo…
deeplearning4j commercial-grade, open-source, distributed deep-learning library written for Java and Scala
wp-api Provides an easy to use HTTP REST API to access your WordPress site’s data.
tankauth an authentication library for PHP-framework CodeIgniter
redistributable null
markov Markov, or markov property refers to the memoryless property of a stochastic process.
self-tracking-entities In an Entity Framework-based application, a context is responsible for tracking changes in your objects
place null
noexcept A C++ keyword used for exception-specifications and to query whether an expression can throw exceptions
gssapi an IETF standard that addresses the problem of many similar but incompatible security services in use today.
address-bar Address bar, refers to the bar in web browsers which is used to navigate between pages using URLs.
broadcasting In telecommunication and information theory, broadcasting refers to a method of transferring a message to all recipients simultaneously
spring-profiles Spring Profiles provide a way to segregate parts of an application configuration and make it only available in certain environments.
vst a standard created by Steinberg for audio plugins, which are libraries that can be loaded by a sequencer for synthesizing or processing audio.
auto-populate Populate the data elements automatically as they are requested.
fileutils a File manipulation utility from Apache Commons
faraday Simple, but flexible HTTP client library, with support for multiple backends.
hash-function an algorithm that maps large data sets of keys to smaller data sets of a fixed length
hexo a blog framework powered by node.js.
google-books Google Books is a service from Google Inc
gmap.net a simple server control to allow easy implementation of google maps into any C# or VB.NET project without the use of any code and includes seamless integration with a .Kml file.
nmea National Marine Electronics Association
java-server an incomplete term and makes therefore no sense as a tag and should be banned
jacoco-maven-plugin A maven plug-in which provides the JaCoCo agent to automated tests and allows basic report creation.
loose-coupling null
laravel-4.2 A past version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell
surfaceholder Abstract interface to someone holding a display surface
archiving null
android-viewgroup a special view that can contain other views, called children
contentful a cloud based CMS framework using a RESTful JSON API.
databound The state of being bound to a data source
async-ctp From Microsoft: The Visual Studio Async CTP extends Visual Studio 2010, providing a new, streamlined syntax for asynchronous development.
away3d an open-source real-time 3D engine for the Adobe Flash Platform.
mgtwitterengine an Objective-C/Cocoa class which makes it easy to add Twitter integration to your own Cocoa apps.
uti a string value used to identify abstract and specific types of item
lenses a composable field accessor
lg a multi national brand that sells electronic goods
m4a a filename extension used to represent audio files.
notificationmanager null
mathematica-8 For questions specific to version 8.x.x of Wolfram Mathematica, or not applicable to versions 7 or earlier
metamodel a collection of concepts that are applicable and useful for modeling a predefined class of problems.
google-chrome-arc a project to run Android apps on Chrome OS, which aims to create a more seamless user experience across Android OS and Chrome OS
google-client an API which is used to invoke Google libraries to build high quality client.
dynamic-proxy a class that implements a list of interfaces specified at runtime such that a method invocation through one of the interfaces on an instance of the class will be encoded and dispatc…
spring-portlet-mvc Spring Portlet MVC tries to reuse features from Spring MVC framework to ease development of Java Portlets.
kmz the compressed file format of a Keyhole Markup Language file
adminhtml a directory in Magento which contains design file related to admin interface of Magento.
asprepeater Use it for displaying a repeated list of items that creates a connection between data source and user interface.
smtp-auth is an extension of the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol whereby an SMTP client may log in, using an authentication mechanism chosen among those supported by the SMTP server.
inline-styles one that is defined within an element that the style applies to
dotcloud a platform-as-a-service
wolframalpha Wolfram Alpha is an answer-engine developed by Wolfram Research
logic-programming a programming paradigm based on first order logic.
opencart2.3 Opencart version 2.3.x and above, released July 30 2016
drone a Continuous Integration platform built on Docker, written in Go
hiera a key/value lookup tool for configuration data for the Puppet configuration management tool.
apn for Access Point Name only
xml-libxml For the Perl XML parsing module
static-ip-address simply a “permanent” address that remains associated with a single computer over an extended period of time.
targets null
squash Term used in version control systems that means combining several commits into one
special-folders My Documents…
win64 all versions of the Windows operating system that run on 64-bit architecture
onpaint triggered when a GUI component needs to be repainted
page-curl page-curl refers to the effect of flipping through digital documents
rescue The Ruby keyword for catching exceptions.
setlocale a function that is used to configure and specify certain locale information.
rufus-scheduler a job scheduler for Ruby
review-board an open-source web-based code review tool written in Python.
phylogeny the study of the relationship among items ; typically, phylogeny is used to study evolutionary relationships represented by trees or dendrograms.
windows-10-desktop null
textwrangler the “little brother” to BBEdit, a professional HTML and text editor for the Macintosh.
background-thread a thread that not directly driving the application but does some processing asynchronously.
jspinclude The `<jsp:include>` element allows you to include either a static or dynamic resource in a JSP page.
wysihtml5 an inline HTML5 editor which creates semantic code.
apollo-server a GraphQL server for Express, Connect, Hapi and Koa, written in TypeScript
amazon-glacier an online storage service intended to provide durable and secure long-term storage for the purposes of archiving and backup of large amounts of data
sirikit an API exposed by Apple for integrating developer applications with Siri
objective-c-2.0 a revision of the Objective-C language created by Apple to include, amongst other things, an enhanced syntax.
jca The Java Connector Architecture defines a standard architecture for connecting the Java EE platform to heterogeneous Enterprise Information Systems
turn an internet protocol that allows clients to receive connections even if their addresses are translated by middleware.
image-caching null
anythingslider jQuery slider plugin allowing a large range of elements to be used in a slider from images to HTML and more.
array-difference for questions related to the Array Difference, such as which elements differ w.r.t
errorbar a graphical representation of the variability of data and are used on graphs to indicate the error, or uncertainty in a reported measurement.
tabletools a plug-in for the DataTables HTML table enhancer, which adds a highly customisable button toolbar to a DataTable.
hotspot a physical location where people may obtain Internet access, typically using Wi-Fi technology.
tetris Block matching game created by Alexey Pajitnov
pdfminer A python-based tool for extracting information from PDF documents.
pdftotext Pdftotext converts Portable Document Format files to plain text.
recycle null
spim a self-contained simulator that runs programs
shrink null
sony-xperia the family of Sony smartphones and tablets
geometry-surface The mathematical or computing concept of a 2-dimensional shape.
asp.net-mvc-validation a method for validating your models with property attributes
noise-reduction Anything related to noise reduction techniques and tools
mouseup a browser event that occurs when a user release the mouse button on an element.
doc2vec null
grub OFF-TOPIC
mathematical-expressions a finite combination of symbols that is well-formed according to rules that depend on the context
mongoskin an easy to use Node.js driver for MongoDB
gamepad A type of game controller held in two hands
method-signature In computer programming, especially object-oriented programming, a method is commonly identified by its unique method signature, which usually includes the method name, and the number, types and order…
ancestry a gem/plugin that allows the records of a Ruby on Rails ActiveRecord model to be organised as a tree structure
.net-standard-2.0 null
debian-based Debian-based operating systems derive the majority of their functionality from the main Debian code base and are thus likely to be largely compatible with it
dired a mode for the text editor that allows users to conveniently edit files and directories on a file system.
device-admin The Device Administration API for Android 2.2 and later allows applications to enforce security policies by requiring a password or encryption, and to lock or wipe the device programmatically.
django-taggit a reusable Django application designed to making adding tagging to your project easy and fun.
codelite an open-source, cross platform IDE for the C/C++ programming languages .
bad-alloc the type of exception thrown when memory allocation fails in a C++ program
supercsv a fast and free open-source CSV API for Java.
cgfloat the basic CoreGraphics type for all floating-point values in the Cocoa and Cocoa Touch UI frameworks.
diamond-problem In object-oriented programming languages with multiple inheritance and knowledge organization, the diamond problem is an ambiguity that arises when two classes B and C inherit from A, and class D inhe…
multi-device-hybrid-apps Multi-Device Hybrid Apps for Visual Studio leverages Apache Cordova™ to easily build cross platform apps that run on iOS, Android, Windows, and Windows Phone using a single project based on HTML5 and …
metasploit for questions about *programming* the Metasploit framework, not for using the framework or attacking a specific site.
jxls a Java library for writing Excel files using XLS templates and reading data from Excel into Java objects using XML configuration.
jess a forward-chaining rule engine written in Java
gradle-eclipse Gradle plugin for support of all Eclipse files for a project
dynamics-ax-2012-r3 an Enterprise Resource Planning application
sspi Use for questions having to do with the Security Support Provider Interface API.
console.writeline Writes the specified data, followed by the current line terminator, to the standard output stream.
mod-alias Apache module providing namespace configuration & redirection.
asp.net-optimization Questions related to the ASP.NET Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization nuGet package , which supports bundling and minification of javascript and css files
contrast the difference in color and light between parts of an image
side-by-side a Microsoft Windows solution that reduces versioning conflicts in Windows-client applications.
natural-sort ordering things the way a human would
sensormanager null
type-deduction A technique to determine the datatype of a class or a variable at runtime.
apprequests null
pushpin null
ipsec a protocol suite for securing IP communications by authenticating and/or encrypting each IP packet of a communication session.
panning refers to the rotation in a horizontal plane of an object or viewport.
servicestack.redis a simple, high-performance and feature-rich C# Client for Redis with native support and high-level abstractions for serializing POCOs and Complex Types.
nspopover a Cocoa control to temporarily show additional info in a popup like window that automatically disappears for user actions not related to the popover.
highslide an image, media and gallery viewer written in JavaScript
uivisualeffectview A UIVisualEffectView object gives you an easy way implement some complex visual effects
angular-digest Angular Digest Cycle
document-database A document database stores, retrieves, and manages document-oriented information, also known as semi-structured data
qt5.4 Version 5.4 of the Qt C++ GUI library
yaws a high perfomance HTTP 1.1 webserver particularly well suited for dynamic-content web applications.
wso2bam WSO2 Business activity monitor serving the needs of both business and IT domain experts to monitor and understand business activities within SOA and Cloud deployments, WSO2 BAM is not only designed to…
temporary-objects unnamed objects created on the stack by the compiler
templatefield null
svc ambiguous
string-search String searching algorithms are an important class of string algorithms that try to find a place where one or several strings are foun…
spritebatch Used in the XNA Framework
vnc-server used to remotely access a machine from another machine where vnc-client will be running
trend the general drift or tendency in a set of data.
transclusion a feature in multiple platforms allowing embedding of content from other sources.
usb-otg a USB specification that allows a device to act as Host to simpler gadgets, such as flash drives, but then also act as a device to other Hosts, such as …
typo3-6.1.x the second release of TYPO3 CMS in the version 6 branch
python-extensions an interpreted, general-purpose high-level programming language whose design philosophy emphasizes code readability.
predictionio an open source Machine Learning server for software developers to create predictive features, such as personalization, recommendation and content discovery.
rigid-bodies null
recode Recoding refers to the process of modifying the values of dataset, matrix, or vector according to a set of rules by which input values are changed to replacement values.
sapb1 enterprise resource planning software designed for small and medium-sized enterprises, manufactured by SAP SE.
selenium2library a web testing library for Robot Framework.
server-error null
revision-history null
word-2007 a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
stateless-session-bean null
wt a C++ library for developing interactive web applications.
ftp-server Server for the File Transfer Protocol , a standard network protocol used to transfer files from one host to another host over a TCP-based network.
apostrophe-cms a content management system designed for maximum flexibility with a minimal learning curve.
hibernate-ogm Hibernate Object/Grid Mapper provides Java Persistence support for NoSQL solutions
ghostdriver an implementation of the Remote WebDriver Wire protocol, using PhantomJS as its back-end.
xliff XLIFF is an XML-based standardize file format for tool-independent handling of localization data.
errorlevel null
zodb an object database for Python
sp-executesql a system stored procedure in Microsoft's SQL Server product range for running dynamic SQL.
android-sdk-2.1 For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 2.1 API level 7
sslstream .NET class that provides a stream used for client-server communication that uses TLS/SSL security protocols to authenticate the server and optionally the client.
sqlite.swift A third-party, type-safe, Swift-language layer over SQLite.
idhttp the Indy component for HTTP requests.
drupal-themes for questions about themes hosted on Drupal.org
dynamic-websites A dynamic website consists of dynamic web pages, which are web pages whose construction is controlled by an application server processing server-side scripts.
gnome-shell the core user interface of the GNOME desktop environment starting with version 3.
git-gui A Tcl/Tk based graphical user interface to Git.
hash-collision a situation that occurs when two distinct pieces of data have the same hash value, checksum, fingerprint, or cryptographic digest.
ibm-integration-bus IBM Integration Bus is integration broker that provides connectivity and universal data transformation in heterogeneous IT environments.
mikrotik a Latvian company which was founded in 1995 in Riga to develop routers and wireless ISP systems
newsstand-kit the framework supporting the delivery of content on the Newsstand folder on Apple devices.
mysqlimport The mysqlimport client provides a command-line interface for the MySQL database to the LOAD DATA INFILE SQL statement.
custom-url a url that deviates from whatever is the default url
mfcc Mel-Frequency Cepstral Coefficients
adaboost a meta machine learning algorithm
androidviewclient a 100% pure python library and tools that simplifies test script creation and android test automation, providing higher level operations and the ability of obtaining the tree of V…
apachebench a single-threaded command line computer program for measuring the performance of HTTP web servers
appium-android An open-source test automation tool for use with native and hybrid mobile apps
bit.ly an URL-shortening service
dmd Dmd stands for the Digital Mars D compiler.
dokuwiki an Open-Source wiki software written in PHP
degrees null
datacolumn null
directory-listing null
compiler-options parameters that are being passed to the compiler and that affect the compilation process or its resulting product.
cover null
client-object-model API to interact with SharePoint data remotely from script that executes in the browser
c++-concepts Concepts in C++ is a proposed language extension designed to improve support for generic programming
networkonmainthread thrown when an android application attempts to perform a networking operation on its main thread.
maven-profiles intended to give some extra behaviors to maven builds, with a set of properties, plugin or actions
httpverbs HTTP Verbs represent the request methods that are recognized as part of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol
google-data-studio https://www.google.com/analytics/data-studio/
hardware-interface null
dynamic-reports DynamicReports allows to create dynamic report designs
keyword-argument null
ui-design ui-design means User interface design
spring-mongodb an Object Document Mapper to persist Java Objects in a MongoDB Database.
jquery-draggable a jquery interface to enable draggable functionality on any DOM element
dnsmasq a lightweight, easy to configure DNS forwarder and DHCP server
sshfs a file system client to mount and interact with directories and files located on a remote server or workstation
scriptengine Java's ScriptEngine system allows you to run/evaluate statements written in other programming languages like Javascript/ECMAScript, Python/Jython, and Tcl/Jacl.
geopoints null
double-pointer sometimes confusingly used to refer a data type which can point to another pointer
dotnetnuke-5 DotNetNuke version 5
aws-security-group Amazon EC2 Security Groups
lwip a light-weight implementation of the TCP/IP protocol.
dxl a scripting language for IBM Rational DOORS.
boost-multi-index A C++ library which enables the construction of containers maintaining one or more indices with different sorting and access semantics.
jboss-tools a set of Eclipse plugins and features designed to help JBoss, JavaEE and mobile developers to build high quality applications
sub-array a subset of an array.
httponly a flag in the cookie header to hide data from JavaScript
retaincount a commonly misused method related to memory management of objects in the Cocoa and Cocoa Touch frameworks
sequelpro Graphical sql browser for Macs
redirecttoaction a controller method that returns an HTTP 302 response to the browser, which causes the browser to make a GET request to the specified action.
fuelux a web UI library that extends Twitter Bootstrap with additional lightweight JavaScript controls.
azure-app-service-plans null
verifyerror a linkage error on Java VM
procfs a virtual filesystem through which kernels of Unix-like operating systems, including Linux, expose process and kernel information
lcov a graphical front-end for GCC's coverage testing tool gcov
stdset a kind of associative container that stores unique elements, and in which the elements themselves are the keys.
slots a python language feature to reduce size of object instances by dropping the builtin dictionary every python instance normally features in order to support dynamic assignment of attribu…
progressive-enhancement Progressive enhancement uses web technologies in a layered fashion that allows everyone to access the basic content and functionality of a web page and providing an enhanced ex…
partial-page-refresh Modify part of a page without reloading/refreshing.
photokit PhotoKit is a framework that allows retrieval of assets for display and playback, edit their image or video content, or work with collections of assets such as albums,…
pooling a container holds ready objects for clients, to reduce initialization time of expensive buffers or resources.
r-faq is created to group a limited number of questions discussing problems that come up regularly on the R tag
selectall null
spark-submit a script that is able to run apache-spark code written in e.g
tfs-power-tools a set of tools that allow you to manipulate the TFS server from the command line, it also allows you access to many features that cannot be accessed from the gui.
variable-length Refers to anything whose length can vary
vao an OpenGL Object that encapsulates all of the state needed to specify vertex data
trailing-slash A slash sign at the end of a URL.
commoncrypto Apple's cryptography framework
xamarin-forms a cross-platform UI toolkit that allows developers to easily create native user interface layouts that can be shared across Android, iOS, and Windows Phone.
qt4.7 For issues relating to using the Qt framework, version 4.7.
react-native-listview null
odata-v4 a standardized protocol for building REST APIs
google-api-ruby-client The Google API Ruby Client makes it trivial to discover and access Google APIs.
angular-httpclient the new http client of Angular since version 4.3
getscript null
misra MISRA is an organization which has published the coding guidelines called MISRA-C and MISRA-C++
on-the-fly activities that happens or occur dynamically on the program runtime.
onunload null
ruta a scripting language for natural language processing.
rdfa RDFa is a technique that allows to express structured data in markup languages
luabind Library to make bindings between C++ and Lua
shutdown-hook simply an initialized but unstarted thread
snakeyaml a YAML parser and emitter for the Java programming language.
tint null
okta-api API for single sign-on service OKTA
cbperipheral The CBPeripheral class represents remote peripheral devices that your app—by means of a central manager —has discovered advertising or is currently connected to.
ssh-agent is a program that used together with OpenSSH or similar SSH programs provides a secure way of storing the private key.
google-geolocation The Google Maps Geolocation API also called google-geolocation api is an web interface that can return a location and accuracy radius based on information about cell towers and WiFi nodes that the mob…
fluent-assertions a set of .NET extension methods that allow you to more naturally specify the expected outcome of a TDD or BDD-style test and which tries to keep you out of the debugger hell
google-picker a dialog for the information stored in Google servers.
google-cloud-print built on the idea that printing can be more intuitive, accessible, and useful
maven-site-plugin used to generate a site for the project
joomla1.6 For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 1.6
libx264 C/C++ library that encode video streams into H.264/MPEG4 AVC format
cocoa-design-patterns for questions about design patterns that apply specifically to using the Cocoa and Cocoa-Touch frameworks used in MacOS and iOS development
email-ext a Jenkins plugin, it allows you to configure every aspect of email notifications
chunked a data transfer mechanism in version 1.1 of HTTP in which data is sent in a series of
bootstrap-tags-input jQuery plugin providing a Twitter Bootstrap user interface for managing tags.
caliburn A framework for WPF and Silverlight applications, facilitating a variety of UI patterns such as MVVM.
dingo-api A RESTful API package for the Laravel framework.
appcrash the result of an unrecoverable error that causes the program to stop completely
android-vision The vision package provides common functionality for working with visual object detectors
acceleration ambiguous tag: avoid
.net-core-rc2 .NET Core RC2 released in May 16, 2016
asp.net-controls objects on ASP.NET Web pages that run when the page is requested and that render markup to a browser
build-definition null
cursors used by database programmers to process individual rows returned by database system queries.
bytearrayoutputstream A mechanism for writing byte data to a stream
bitwise-and Anything related to the bitwise-AND operation, i.e
jax-rpc a technology for building web services and clients that use remote procedure calls and XML
network-printers The term network printer refers to the printer in a network which is accessible to all the network computers for printing purpose.
glusterfs an open source, distributed file system capable of scaling to several petabytes and handling thousands of clients.
getpixel a Windows GDI API function which retrieves the RGB color value of the pixel at a specific coordinates.
get-request null
google-fit-sdk An open platform that lets users control their fitness data
mailx a unix mail processing system that provides sending and receiving facility.
vtd-xml Virtual Token Descriptor for eXtensible Markup Language refers to a collection of cross-platform XML processing technologies centered on a non-extractive XML, parsing tech…
autoformatting A software feature commonly found in word processor programs such as Microsoft Word that automatically changes the formatting or appearance of text.
connect-by A hierarchical query clause in Oracle.
gridsplitter a WPF control that you can use to redistribute space between the columns or rows of a WPF Grid.
fpc a 32/64-bit multi-architecture Object Pascal compiler with both Turbo Pascal, Apple Pascal and Delphi dialects.
webpage-screenshot A screen dump, screen capture , screenshot , screengrab , or print screen is an image taken by the computer user to record the visible items displayed on …
cbcentralmanager an object used by CoreBluetooth on OS X and iOS to manage peripheral devices.
moc Qt's Meta Object Compiler
aspose.words a vendor of components to create, modify, export and convert Office documents.
android-scroll null
geometry-shader Geometry shader should not be mixed up with , but are shader programs executed after vertex shaders
visualizer null
symfony-cmf The Symfony2 Content Management Framework project makes it easier for developers to add CMS functionality to applications built with the Symfony2 PHP framework.
jbox2d a Java physics engine often used in games an other physics simulations and is a port/extension of the C++ physics engine, Box2D.
weak-ptr a smart pointer that holds a non-owning reference to an object that is managed by std::shared_ptr
higher-kinded-types null
simpletest a Unit and Web Testing framework developed in PHP
google-analytics-sdk The Google Analytics SDK allows you to connect your application to Google Analytics.
android-ble In contrast to Classic Bluetooth, Bluetooth Low Energy is designed to provide significantly lower power consumption
test-coverage used both as a synonym for .
htmlwidget htmlwidgets for R bring the best of JavaScript data visualization to R.
coupling null
audioqueueservices Audio Queue Services provides a straightforward, low overhead way to record and play audio in OS X
blast a Basic Local Alignment Search Tool for comparing biological sequence information.
stdarray a container that encapsulates constant size arrays in C++.
dashcode a graphical IDE bundled in Apple Developer Tools and aimed at the development of Dashboard widgets and Safari Web applications .
typo3-extensions The Content Management System TYPO3 can be easily extended by plugins which are called in the TYPO3 world.
unboundid-ldap-sdk a fast, powerful, user-friendly, and completely free Java API for communicating with LDAPv3 directory servers.
subdocument Concept in document-oriented databases, where a field in document is a document in itself.
slowcheetah an XML Transforms package for Visual Studio
silverlight-oob Silverlight-based application that provides support for running outside the browser .
rsacryptoserviceprovider The RSACryptoServiceProvider object performs asymmetric encryption and decryption using the implementation of the RSA algorithm provided by the cryptographic service provider .
rms In Java ME MIDP, RMS stands for Record Management System API, a persistent storage mechanism, through which MIDlets can persistently store data and retrieve it later
quantifiers the binding of a variable ranging over a domain
python-ggplot A python plotting library emulating R's ggplot2
payumoney an online payment wallet provider.
pact a cross-language tool that provides Consumer Driven Contracts testing.
pthread-join part of pthread.h used to wait for another thread to finish executing.
piecewise null
set-intersection The intersection of two or more sets consists of the elements that those sets all have in common.
sizing null
spagobi an Open Source Business Intelligence suite covering analytical areas of Business Intelligence projects, like reporting, multidimensional analysis , interactive cockpits, data mining, …
twilio-click-to-call Use to identify questions related to use of, or problems with, Twilio's Click-to-Call service or API.
timedelay null
video-thumbnails a term used by graphic designers and photographers for a small image representation of a larger image, usually intended to make it easier and faster to look at or manage a group of larger…
watchconnectivity The WatchConnectivity framework provides a two-way channel for an iOS app to talk to its counterpart WatchKit app and vice-versa
vcl-styles Rad Studio XE2 introduced a feature called VCL Styles
discord.js a node.js module that allows the developer to interact with the Discord API
firebase-remote-config Firebase Remote Config gives developers the power to optimize and customize their app on the fly to deliver the best content to their users.
firebase-tools The Firebase CLI provide a variety of tools for managing, viewing, and deploying to Firebase projects
struts-config Use this question for struts-config related questions.
testthat a testing tool for R.
osascript MacOS command line tool which executes OSA scripts
singleinstance null
ll grammars that can be parsed from left-to-right, creating a leftmost derivation, using k tokens of lookahead.
opensocial a public specification that defines a component hosting environment and a set of common APIs for web-based applications
tapi The Telephony Application Programming Interface is a Microsoft Windows API, which allows computer telephony integration and enables PCs running Microsoft Windows to use telephone services.
dwarf a file format for representing debugging information.
media-source MediaSource JavaScript API extends the HTMLMediaElement to allow JavaScript to generate media streams for playback.
f5 F5 makes the BIG-IP application delivery controller
dynamic-variables a variable whose address is determined when the program is run
name-lookup the procedure by which a name, when encountered in a program, is associated with the declaration that introduced it.
mle In statistics, maximum-likelihood estimation is a method of estimating the parameters of a statistical model.
moqui a set of free and open source software projects for building enterprise automation applications such as eCommerce, ERP, CRM, SCM, MRP, EAM, POS, etc.
jgraphx an open source Java Swing Component
lemmatization the process of grouping together the different inflected forms of a word so they can be analyzed as a single item.
looper A JQuery plugin for carousel
context.xml a web application context descriptor used by the Apache Tomcat servlet container.
contextpath Context path refers to the portion of the web request URI that indicates the context of the request
dart-async a Dart library for asynchronous operations.
dataformat null
opus a lossy audio compression format developed by the Internet Engineering Task Force that is particularly suitable for interactive real-time applications over the Inter…
pascals-triangle a triangular array of the binomial coefficients in a triangle.
asp.net-mvc-3-areas ASP.NET MVC and its related flavors since 2007 by Microsoft
asset-catalog a new feature that was implemented in Xcode 5 for iOS 7
aviary Aviary was a proprietary multi-media application suite that was purchased by Adobe in 2014
apache-commons-math a library of lightweight, self-contained mathematics and statistics components addressing the most common problems not available in the Java programming language or Apache Commo…
either a type used in functional languages such as Haskell and Scala to represent a value that is one of two parametrized types
quit null
gcc4 Version 4.x of GCC
documentviewer A WPF UI control that can host paginated FixedDocument content such as an XpsDocument.
coverity a static code analysis tool for C, C++ and other programming languages.
crawler4j an open source Java web crawler.
cassandra-cli a holdover from the pre-CQL Thrift API.
jes a full-featured media computation environment for programming in Jython
microsoft-translator Free translation service for online automatic translation of text and web pages, translating between many languages, including Spanish, French, Japanese, ..
multiple-choice a form of assessment in which respondents are asked to select the best possible answer out of the choices from a list
node-async a utility module for node.js that provides powerful functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript
endeca a relevance and navigation-based high-performance proprietary search technology
finalize a special method in an object-oriented language that is executed when an object is garbage collected.
flac for questions about the FLAC audio format
function-templates A function template behaves like a regular function except that works with types specified on the template arguments
http-request-parameters mapped to the servlet request when they are parsed from the http request.
sonarqube-4.5 the SonarQube 4.5.x specific tag
fragmentation An unefficient usage of disk storage in memory or hard drive.
vstest a test runner developed by Microsoft.
facebook-sdk-4.x latest set of API for Facebook developers
openbsd an advanced unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
invalid-argument null
cocos3d 3D rendering extension for cocos2d-iphone, written in Objective-C.
xml-layout Android uses xml files to layout its components on a window.
lagom a framework for creating microservice-based systems on the Java Virtual Machine.
api-manager Use `wso2-am` tag instead.
ng-dialog a modal and popup provider for Angular.js
watchservice a Java API for watching changes on a filesystem
svnadmin the administrative tool for monitoring and repairing your Subversion repository.
thunderbird-addon extensions for the Mozilla Thunderbird email client, written in XUL and Javascript.
opengl-es-3.0 Subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones
ob-start a PHP function which turns output buffering on
phpactiverecord an open source ORM library based on the ActiveRecord pattern
quad a scipy package which is used for 1D integration in Python
qtsql Questions related to QtSQl Module, a collection of Qt classes that work with various relational database management systems.
qmenu The QMenu class, part of the Qt framwork, provides a menu widget for use in menu bars, context menus, and other popup menus.
rad-controls a suite of UI controls created by Telerik
resin the Java Application Server for high traffic sites that require speed and scalability.
refresh-token a special kind of token that can be used to obtain a renewed access token —that allows accessing a protected resource— at any time.
textmatebundles extensions to the Mac OS X programmers editor TextMate.
web-inf the name of a folder found in Java web applications
trackbar a graphical widget in Winforms, also called a slider in other environments.
angular-file-upload a lightweight cross-browser AngularJS directive for uploading files, with a feature set including file and directory drag and drop, upload progress, cancel/abort, and client-sid…
xcode8.2 Xcode version 8.2
django-managers the interface through which database query operations are provided to Django models.
ios-app-group a protected folder for sharing content with trusted apps
dispatchertimer a .Net class that provides timers that are integrated into the Dispatcher queue which is processed at a specified interval of time and at a specified priority.
xlconnect a comprehensive and platform-independent R package for manipulating Microsoft Excel files from within R
xfce a lightweight desktop environment for UNIX-like operating systems
livecycle-designer a forms authoring tool published by Adobe
gettype null
object-initializers Object initializers let you assign values to any accessible fields or properties of an object at creation time without having to invoke a constructor followed by lines of assignment statements.
rethinkdb-javascript JavaScript driver for RethinkDB
pdfjs A general-purpose, web standards-based platform for parsing and rendering PDFs.
sqlparameters null
spinnaker an open source, multi-cloud continuous delivery platform for releasing software changes with high velocity and confidence.
model-fitting Fitting parameters of a function to explain given data
placement null
gnome-3 the third major version of the Gnome Desktop Environment
neo4j.rb an Active Model compliant Ruby/JRuby wrapper for the Neo4j graph database
meteor-up a command line tool that allows you to deploy any meteor app into your own server
ios9.1 iOS 9.1 was an update to iOS 9.0, the most recent version of iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices
jvmti the Java Virtual Machine Tool Interface, a native API by which authors can write JVM plugins to monitor or modify the execution of a Java Virtual Machine.
camera2 null
call-graph a visual representation of calls between functions/procedures/methods etc
buttongroup buttongroup refers to bootstrap button groups
mfmailcomposer an iOS object allowing application users to send mail
alchemyapi a SaaS platform that enriches textual content through automated tagging, categorization, linguistic analysis, and semantic mining
access-log A list of all the requests for individual files that people have requested from a Web site
cox-regression The term Cox regression model is sometimes used to describe the extension of the Cox model to include time-dependent factors
curl-multi is refer to multiple synchronous curl transfers
django-comments include a simple comments framework
laravel-migrations the way to create and alter database schema.
lpc Refers to a line of ARM-based microcontrollers by NXP Semiconductors.
ioncube a tool to obfuscate PHP code so clients can run software without having the source code
grails-2.3 a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
grunt-contrib-concat Concatenate many files into one
imageurl **imageurl** relates to the source URL at which an image is located.
fastercsv Popular Ruby library/gem for working with CSV format files.
nonce a random number used to sign a message in client-server communication
hyperthreading In a hyperthreaded CPU, for each processor core that is physically present, the operating system addresses two virtual or logical cores, and shares the workload between them when possible.
preferredsize null
eclipse-emf-ecore a common standard for data models, many technologies and frameworks are based on
webmethods Middleware and BPM products of Software AG, including Integration Server, Broker and myWebmethods Server.
scrapy-splash a scrapy plugin to integrate Scrapy framework with Splash - the JavaScript rendering service
identification null
google-identity-toolkit a complete authentication service for any site or app
sendto a system call used to transmit a message to another socket.
typescript1.5 Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.5
jms-serializer a library, that allows you to serialize data of any complexity
mathnet an opensource numerical library for .Net, Silverlight and Mono.
couchbase-sync-gateway an add-on that enables Couchbase Server 2.0 and later to act as a replication endpoint for Couchbase Lite
hpricot a Ruby library intended for parsing HTML
tvml TVML is a text-based language that can describe all the necessary elements for a TV program production.
swig-template A fast, Django-like templating engine for node.js, which was officially abandoned in 2014.
boost-geometry a template C++ library, included in Boost
data-partitioning Data partitioning deals with the dividing of a collection of data into smaller collections of data for the purpose of faster processing, easier statistics gathering and smaller memory/persistence foot…
typhoon a dependency injection container for Objective-C and Swift.
stdtuple a C++ object representing an ordered, heterogeneous sequence of objects
sctp Stream Control Transmission Protocol is a transport layer protocol providing reliable transport of data like TCP but with message oriented features like UDP.
phase angular shift between periodic signals.
pmml The Predictive Model Markup Language aka `PMML` is an `XML`-based markup language developed by the Data Mining Group to provide a way for applications to define models related to predictive anal…
operands values acted upon by an operator, method, or other functional entity.
paypal-express null
oc4j the Oracle Application Server , up to Oracle 10g.
scikits Scientific Python toolkits
scenarios In Behavior-driven development , a scenario is a description of each specific case of the narrative.
revel A high-productivity web framework for the Go language.
sudoers configured through a file located at `/etc/sudoers` or `/usr/local/etc/sudoers`
subshell A subshell refers to a shell invoked from within a parent shell
sp-send-dbmail a built-in stored procedure available in SQL Server since 2005, which allows one to send e-mails using the SQL service, for alerting a DBA when a problem is detected or limited rep…
web-config-transform Web.config transformation lets you easily transform .NET application configuration files.
code-documentation Documentation that focuses on code itself, such as its function, correct use, expected output, relationship to other code as well as database and tables connections, and usage examples.
autocompleteextender part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
mit-scheme an implementation of the Scheme programming language, providing an interpreter, compiler, source-code debugger, integrated Emacs-like editor, and a large runtime library
symfony2.4 an Open Source distributed PHP framework
defaultlistmodel null
nsopenpanel an Objective-C class used to provide users with a standard UI for opening files and directories on Mac OS X
tftp a file transfer protocol notable for its simplicity.
jboss-eap-7 For development issues encountered while using Red Hat JBoss EAP 7
image-scanner The python-imagescanner implements an abstraction layer which allows users to scan images/documents from Linux or Windows without the need of write any specific Python code for each o…
filereference an object that allows programs to refer to files on a file system, and operate on them
pango a C API for Unicode-based text layout and rendering.
pgadmin-4 an Open Source administration and development GUI for PostgreSQL.
nsautolayout a system that lets you lay out your app’s user interface by creating a mathematical description of the relationships between the elements.
const-cast Anything related to the `const_cast` operation in C++, i.e
android-livedata Android LiveData holds the value and allow it to observe changes and also respects lifecycle of the app components.
edit-distance A string metric describing the differences between two strings
icon-fonts a font containing glyphs to be used as icons in a web page or application
grouplayout a Java Swing LayoutManager that hierarchically groups components in order to position them in a Container.
google-query-language the part of the Google Visualization API that lets the developer perform various data manipulations with the query to the data source
google-container-registry Google Container Registry provides secure, private Docker image storage on Google Cloud Platform.
generated null
libtorrent a cross-platform library implementing the bittorrent protocol
maximo-anywhere a Worklight/MobileFirst based set of mobile applications to support the Maximo Asset Management product suite.
miniconda Minimal installation package for the python package manager , which includes only conda and all it's dependencies
node.js-stream null
nsurlconnectiondelegate The NSURLConnectionDelegate protocol defines methods common to the NSURLConnectionDataDelegate and NSURLConnectionDownloadDelegate protocols.
dji-sdk Questions on communicating with / controlling DJI drones
currentlocation Current Location refers to programmatically identifying the GPS location of a device, such as an iPhone app requesting information about its current location to display in a map or find nearby places,…
codekit an OS X application that facilitates frontend web development.
codepen a website hosting runnable HTML/CSS/JS code snippets for testing and sharing
cleardb ClearDB is a reliable, fault tolerant database-as-a-service for MySQL
atlas The ATLAS project is an ongoing research effort focusing on applying empirical techniques in order to provide portable performance.
kendo-mvvm an implementation of the MVVM pattern which seamlessly integrates with the rest of the Kendo framework .
kendo-combobox The Kendo ComboBox represents a richer version of a <select> element, providing support for local and remote data binding, item templates, and configurable options for controlling the list behavior.
blogengine.net an Open Source blog based on ASP.NET.
azure-redis-cache based on the popular open-source Redis cache
crashlytics-android null
dllregistration null
domainservices Windows Communication Foundation services that encapsulate the business logic of a WCF RIA Services application
devise-invitable DeviseInevitable adds support to the Rails authentication solution Devise for sending invitations by email, accepting the invitation and setting the password.
datastax-enterprise-graph a scalable, enterprise-ready graph database.
data-sharing null
jquery-on bind events on dom elements
ifconfig ifconfig is a system administration utility in Unix-like operating systems to configure, control, and query TCP/IP network interface parameters from a command line …
ecslidingviewcontroller a view controller container that manages a layered interface
formcollection a form containing an arbitrary number of the same set of fields.
computed-properties functions declared as property
sqlite3-ruby The low level SQLite3 library for Ruby
spring-security-ldap null
type-library null
android-actionmode Provide alternative interaction modes and replace parts of the normal UI until finished.
par null
ses Use emacs-ses or amazon-ses tags.
windows-identity to better reference questions about WindowsIdentity allowing to encapsulate information about Windows accounts.
int64 a datatype that represents an integer and is coded on 64 bits in memory.
capifony a deployment recipes collection that works with both symfony1 and Symfony2 applications
lmdb the mmap’d database for OpenLDAP aka Lightning MDB .
ninja a small build system with a focus on speed
fdt an Eclipse development toolkit for interactive developers
odm Object Document Mapper Is a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems in object-oriented programming languages
new-window null
django-file-upload Django-file-upload refers to how django handles file uploads
rider a cross-platform IDE created by JetBrains for the .NET/Mono family of languages such as C#
cross-site Cross-site means the interaction cross separate domains of authority.
tramp tramp stands for Transparent Remote Access - Multiple Protocols, an Emacs module that allows remote editing of files.
todo often used in code comments to indicate a task that needs to be done
spring-boot-maven-plugin for questions related to Spring Boot Maven Plugin that allows to package executable jar or war archives and run an application “in-place”.
swift2.1 only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.1 of Apple's Swift programming language
swift2.2 only for questions directly related to changes in version 2.2 of Apple's Swift programming language
quantization for questions related to quantization of any kind, such as vector quantization.
rpg for Role Playing Games!! RPG is a high-level programming language for business applications, initials which stand for Report Program Generator
optimistic-concurrency A concurrency control method applied to transactional systems that allows multiple transactions to frequently complete for resources without interfering with each other
rowid null
sharethis a third party application you install on your site that makes it easy for people to share links with their friends.
rasterizing the task of taking an image described in a vector graphics format and converting it into a raster image for output on a video display or p…
ray null
spatialite a library extending the basic SQLite core in order to get a full fledged Spatial DBMS.
spatstat an R package for analysing spatial data, mainly Spatial Point Patterns.
sqltransaction a unit of work that is performed against a database
sql-to-linq-conversion for questions related to the conversion of SQL statements into LINQ statements.
software-quality Software quality reflects how well a software conforms to given requirements , how much it shows characteristics like reliability, efficiency, security, maintainability.
time.h null
timber a WordPress plugin to develop themes using the Twig template language
webjars client-side web libraries packaged into JAR files.
word-addins installed functionality that adds custom commands and new features to Microsoft Word.
vmware-player a virtualization product from VMWare that is free for personal use.
background-music null
relocation the adaptation of a piece of code assembled on a certain address in memory to another address It is a typical task of dynamic linkers and program loaders, and thus last step in a standar…
layer-list null
xeon-phi a co-processor/accelerator from Intel
datagrip JetBrains' commercial Database IDE
procfile a simple YAML-esque file which sits in the root of your application code and is pushed to your application when you deploy.
producer an actor in the Producer Consumer scenario
python-sockets null
openresty a full-fledged web application server by bundling the standard Nginx core, lots of 3rd-party Nginx modules, as well as most of their external dependencies.
hidden-files normally not visible for the user, unless the user requires to show the hidden files
zeroconf a set of techniques that automatically creates a usable Internet Protocol network without manual operator intervention or special configuration servers…
rampart Apache Rampart - Axis2 Security Module
ng-style The `ngStyle` directive allows you to set CSS style on an HTML element conditionally.
ng-switch used to conditionally swap DOM structure on your template based on a scope expression
auctex Questions about the AUCTeX package for editing TeX code/documents in Emacs.
google-text-to-speech Refers to issues related to Google's screen reader for Android.
joi Object schema description language and validator for JavaScript objects.
mailcore2 an objective-c library that provides a simple and asynchronous API to work with e-mail protocols IMAP, POP and SMTP.
scala-breeze a linear algebra library for Scala.
scalafx a UI DSL written within the Scala Language that sits on top of JavaFX 2.0
lsof Unix command that lists the files, sockets, and other file-descriptors that processes have open.
torrent related to the BitTorrent peer-to-peer filesharing protocol, use instead
file-storage null
html-parser null
mod-mono a module for the Apache HTTP Server that allows for hosting of ASP.NET pages and other assemblies on multiple platforms by use of the Mono development platform.
memory-corruption an unintentional modification of a memory location due to an error in a computer program.
datebox Datebox refers to either JTSage-DateBox, or GWT Datebox.
dart2js The Dart to JavaScript compiler that reads a Dart file and translates it to JavaScript.
details ambiguous, and too broad to be meaningful.
directx-10 the 10th version of Microsoft's DirectX API, which is used to develop and handle tasks related to Multimedia, such as game programming, 3D visualizations and video on Microsoft platforms…
bulkloader null
eeprom Anything related to Electrically-Erasable Programmable Read Only Memory , a kind of non-volatile electronic memory technology
rootscope Every application has a single root scope
avqueueplayer a subclass of AVPlayer used to play a number of items in a sequence.
android-ffmpeg used to add the magic of free open source Ffmpeg inside android platform.
adal.js a new library meant to help you to take advantage of Azure AD to secure your SPA apps and consume Web API from JavaScript.
analytic-functions Aggregation functions that can peek at rows returned from the same query
cfhttp A ColdFusion/CFML tag that performs an HTTP request.
mfi the Apple program hardware developers must join to be able to manufacture and brand products as being made for iOS devices.
iwebbrowser2 null
django-compressor a pluggable django app that combines and compresses linked and inline Javascript or CSS in a Django templates into cacheable static files by using the compress template tag
django-cache Django includes a cache system that lets you save dynamic pages or page fragments so they don't have to be generated for each request.
directoryentry a .Net class that encapsulates a node or object in the Active Directory Domain Services hierarchy.
baseline null
channelfactory create and manage Channel-s which are used to send and receive Message-s to WCF service endpoints
mutual-authentication the process of verifying an asserted identity
j-security-check a default URL in web applications using JAAS, the Java Authentication and Authorization Service, and Spring Security
interrupted-exception null
jelly XML, which gets turned into executable code
getimagedata a function to access the raw pixel data of HTML5 canvas element.
gitkraken a freemium, fully-featured, cross-platform Git desktop client for Windows, Mac & Linux.
factory-method A design pattern which defines an interface for creating an object, but lets the classes that implement the interface decide which class to instantiate
formal-verification the act of proving or disproving the correctness of intended algorithms underlying a system with respect to a certain formal specification or property, using formal methods of m…
fusion the code name for the assembly loader in .NET
asp.net-profiles The ASP.NET profile feature associates information with an individual user and stores the information in a persistent format
collapsable null
lsp a principle of object-oriented programming, one of the SOLID principles.
dxf a CAD data file developed by AutoDesk for interoperability between AutoCAD and other CAD applications.
68000 a 16/32 bit CISC CPU, originally designed by Motorola, Inc.
mysql-error-1045 ERROR 1045 : Access denied for user '%s'@'%s'
nscoder The NSCoder abstract class declares the interface used by concrete subclasses to transfer objects and other Objective-C/Swift data items between memory and some other format.
dbset null
multiuserchat an XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to IRC
spring-orm Spring Framework Object Relational Mapping Data Access
presto an automated deployment tool
ruby-c-extension Loadable modules written in C which provide additional functionality for the Ruby language.
pg-search Ruby gem that builds ActiveRecord named scopes that take advantage of PostgreSQL's full text search.
application-lifecycle null
servicestack-text an independent, dependency-free serialization library that contains ServiceStack's text processing functionality
symfony-2.6 the Symfony 2.6.x specific tag
xively a platform devoted to simplifying the interconnection of devices and data with applications on the Internet of Things.
thread-dump When debugging it becomes necessary to dump the thread state of the application, this is usually to find a deadlock, lock contention or leaking connections.
ng-bind The ngBind attribute tells Angular to replace the text content of the specified HTML element with the value of a given expression, and to update the text content when the value of that expression chan…
saga A pattern that enables a service bus to deal with long-running processes, fault tolerance and scalability.
full-outer-join A full outer join combines the effect of applying both left and right outer joins.
code-editor null
react-native-fbsdk Questions related to SDK from facebook for Android & iOS
jsviews JsViews: Next-generation MVVM framework
vocabulary null
truncated the term for limiting the number of digits right of the decimal point, by discarding the least significant ones.
tcpsocket null
sweetalert2 JavaScript questions that involve using this library
vote a method for a group such as a meeting or an electorate to make a decision or express an opinion—often following discussions, debates, or election campaigns
wcag Web Content Accessibility Guidelines are part of a series of Web accessibility guidelines published by the W3C's Web Accessibility Initiative.
qmessagebox a Qt class that provides a modal window for informing the user or asking for a simple input .
satellizer a simple to use, end-to-end, token-based authentication module for AngularJS with built-in support for Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter authentication providers.
one-definition-rule Anything related to C++ One Definition Rule , i.e
psutil psutil is a cross-platform library for retrieving information on running processes and system utilization in Python.
zend-translate the Zend Framework's solution for multilingual applications.
background-size The background-size CSS property specifies the size of the background images.
entitydatasource an ASP.NET web server control available in .NET Framework 3.5 SP1 or later
django-piston A mini-framework for Django for creating RESTful APIs.
datamember null
transmission For questions relating to data transmission.
mapping-by-code NHibernate's own API by which mappings can be configured by code
type-level-computation performed at compile time as part of the compiler's type checking phase.
urlrequest null
seaside a free and open source web application framework for developing sophisticated web applications in Smalltalk.
google-groups a service from Google Inc
vqmod A virtual modification system designed to avoid having to change core files, primarily in an MVC architecture and very popular with the OpenCart e-commerce package
dotcover a tool for code coverage and continuous testing of .NET code
bin-packing In the bin packing problem, objects of different volumes must be packed into a finite number of bins or containers each of volume V in a way that minimizes the number of bins used
assemblyinfo a standard file in c# projects that contains metadata about the assembly like its title, copyright or version, declared using .net attributes.
catiledlayer a Core Animation layer which divides its drawing area into equal, rectangular areas which are drawn separately
formatexception thrown when the format of an argument does not meet the parameter specifications of the invoked method.
huawei for topics related to application development issues affecting just Huawei devices.
inputstreamreader null
leakcanary a memory leak detection library for Android and Java.
keypad null
lzma an compression algorithm which uses a dictionary compression
liquid-layout A Liquid Layout, sometimes also referred to as a fluid layout, is a CSS technique in which the majority of the page components have percentage widths, and thus adjust to the user's screen resolution.
mvel a powerful expression language for Java-based applications.
mkpinannotationview MKPinAnnotationView implements an MKAnnotationView to display a push pin and is the only system-provided annotation view.
changelistener A Listener object that reacts to a generic 'change' that occurs in the application
basecamp a web-based project-management tool developed by 37signals and launched in 2004
bluestacks a software platform which allows you to run Android apps on Windows and Mac, without the need of an Android emulator
configurable null
build-script null
agi a CGI-like protocol for executing external programs within Asterisk dialplan.
shareactionprovider a provider for a share action.
asyncstorage null
asp.net-mvc-controller The ASP.NET MVC framework maps URLs to classes that are referred to as controllers
.so a shared object in C++.
amazon-cloudwatchlogs Amazon CloudWatch Logs allows aggregation and management of log events sent to it by AWS or custom services
ownerdrawn This allows the user to custom draw controls at run time in the Win32 Api
cgroups used to control resource management in kernel
devforce a framework for building and operating Rich Internet Applications .
devexpress-mvc commercially produced AJAX controls from DevExpress.
data-science-experience an interactive, collaborative, cloud-based environment where data scientists can use multiple tools to activate their insights
bloom-filter a probabilistic data structure that tells you if a value might be in the set.
bsxfun A versatile and useful Matlab command for applying element-by-element binary operation to two arrays with singleton expansion enabled.
casablanca a Microsoft incubation effort to support cloud-based client-server communication in native code using a modern asynchronous C++ API design.
mscorlib Multilanguage Standard Common Object Runtime Library
network-share null
leaflet.draw Vector drawing and editing plugin for Leaflet
isenabled Gets or sets a value indicating whether this element is enabled in the user interface
implicits Anything related to Scala implicit parameters or conversions
getopt-long a command line switch parsing library for Perl
gracenote Internet-accessible database containing information about the contents of audio compact discs and vinyl records
freepbx a web-based open source GUI that controls and manages Asterisk , a voice over IP server
fits an image data file format used commonly for astronomical data.
exiftool a platform-independent Perl library and command-line application for reading, writing and editing meta information in a wide variety of files.
doparallel a “parallel backend” for the foreach package
lvm a software that allows disk partitionning by hiding the physical limitations of the underlying disks
globbing used to refer to an instance of pattern matching behavior.
docker-for-windows can be used to call attention to any issue relating to running Windows or Linux containers on a Windows host by using Docker for Windows
sql-job a specified series of operations performed sequentially
type-alias a short, descriptive name for a type whose real name is longer or less descriptive than the alias
redis-sentinel System for managing redis instances.
flvplayback null
qbfc a COM Library for interoping with QuickBooks products from Intuit Software
qdockwidget a class from the Qt framework which represents a widget which can be docked inside a QMainWindow or floated as a top-level window in the desktop
publisher null
servletcontextlistener Interface for receiving notification events about ServletContext lifecycle changes
ng-tags-input a highly customizable tags input directive built for the AngularJS framework, with no external dependencies
ng-messages null
mongodb-indexes Indexes provide high performance read operations for frequently used queries
nspopupbutton The NSPopUpButton class defines objects that implement the pop-up and pull-down menus of the graphical user interface.
inverted-index an index data structure storing a mapping from content, such as words or numbers, to its locations in a database file, or in a document or a set of documents
document-library null
oracle-data-integrator a data integration platform.
scaletransform ScaleTransform refers to a procedure to scales an object in the 2-D x-y coordinate system, it can be used to stretch or shrink an object horizontally or vertically.
r5rs The 5th Revised Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme
remote-control remote-control describes question about functionality to interact with services remotely across some communication channel.
spring-data-gemfire Spring Data GemFire focuses on integrating Spring Framework's powerful, non-invasive programming model and concepts with Pivotal GemFire, simplifying configuration, development and providing high-leve…
speaker null
spark-jobserver spark-jobserver provides a RESTful interface for submitting and managing Apache Spark jobs, jars, and job contexts.
smooks an extensible framework for building applications for processing XML and non XML data using Java.
skeleton-css-boilerplate A collection of CSS files intended to help developers build sites for any form factor on any device
temporal null
windows-taskbar a bar displayed on an edge of a GUI desktop that is used to launch and monitor running applications.
window-handles full of windows, even objects inside windows as we know them are also windows
windowlistener Java AWT and Swing listener interface for receiving window events.
resolver null
real-mode where a CPU begins execution
sass-loader null
oracle-spatial an extension to Oracle DB which provides support for location data.
projection-matrix null
predis a flexible and feature-complete PHP client library for the Redis key-value store.
sahi a web browser automation tool, used for writing functional test suites for web sites and web applications
w3wp an Internet Information Services worker process
database-optimization null
relaxng an International Standard schema language for XML
yard YARD stands for
zone null
simplification null
jdatechooser a sub-component of JCalendar, a Java date chooser bean for selecting a date.
image-preloader null
integer-programming Solving systems of linear equations where variables are integers.
fb.ui trigger different forms of Facebook created UI dialogs.
public-method a method declaration that allows access from other classes external to the current class.
htmltidy an html formatter used to pretty print existing markup.
purely-functional a term in computer science used to describe algorithms, data structures, or programming languages that do not allow modification of data at run-time.
pyusb a Python library allowing easy USB access
connected-components Connected-component labeling
castor an open source data binding framework.
mod-deflate an Apache web server module that provides the DEFLATE output filter that allows output from your server to be compressed before being sent to the client over the network.
geode an open source, distributed in-memory database for scale-out applications that is a top level project at The Apache Software Foundation
tooltipster A lightweight, flexible jQuery plugin by Caleb Jacob enabling you to easily create semantic, modern tooltips enhanced with the power of CSS
event-propagation Event propagation, or , occurs when an event occurs inside an element, which is stacked in other elements.
dynamic-tables null
file-watcher A utility or library to perform actions when files are updated, added or deleted
guile the GNU project's official plugin infrastructure
gulp-sourcemaps a gulp plugin that adds support for source maps.
ico an image file format developed by Microsoft and designed for storing icons
imagettftext null
jsfl used to add functionality in the Flash Authoring environment; they contain JavaScript code and access the Flash JavaScript API.
libusb-1.0 two versions of the libusb API: the current libusb-1.0 API, and its legacy predecessor libusb-0.1
nslookup OFF-TOPIC
meld Graphical application for Linux and other OSes used for viewing and merging differences between files and directories.
cartopy a Python package harnessing the power of matplotlib to deliver informative, precise and striking maps .
bstr a size-prefixed, fixed-length, null-terminated, UTF-16 encoded character array used heavily in Microsoft's COM and OLE technologies for marshalling strings, es…
pointcut null
database-security null
exec-maven-plugin for questions specifically related to the usage of the Exec Maven Plugin, which allows to execute arbitrary programs or other Java programs during a Maven build.
cs193p an iOS programming course offered at Stanford University
vaadin-grid Vaadin Grid widget, for display of tabular data.
argc The number of arguments given to the program, found as a parameter to main in some languages, notably C.
apr The Apache Portable Runtime library provides a variety of services masking the differences between different operating systems with a uniform, platform-neutral interface.
aquamacs an Aqua-native build of the powerful Emacs text editor
appfabric-cache an in-memory distributed cache available on Azure or on Windows Server.
android-framework null
3d-model A mathematical representation of any three-dimensional surface of an object.
aiml Artificial Intelligence Markup Language is an XML dialect for creating natural language software agents
code-inspection null
cmath A C++ Math library which offers basic mathematical functions of trigonometry, exponentiation, rounding etc.
centroid Centroid refers to the center of a geometric shape
bonecp a fast, free, open-source, Java database connection pool library
monk a tiny layer that provides some usability improvements for MongoDB usage within Node.JS
mkv for questions about playback of, creation of, and programmatic interaction with, Matroska multimedia Container files.
mux Package gorilla/mux implements a request router and dispatcher for matching incoming requests to their respective handler.
mutators Anything related to mutators in object oriented programming, i.e
istringstream Anything related to C++ `istringstream` standard library class
jaspersoft-studio the free, open source, Eclipse-based report designer for JasperReports and JasperReports Server
inf For questions relating to the INF Windows file format.
home-directory a file system directory on a multi-user operating system containing files for a given user of the system.
homekit a new framework for communicating with and controlling connected devices in a user’s home using iOS Apps
google-plugin-eclipse a set of software development tools that enables Java developers to quickly design, build, optimize, and deploy cloud-based applications.
gitk A graphical browser for the git distributed version control system which allows you to quickly manage branches, and search/review commit logs and diffs.
filechannel an abstract class for reading, writing, mapping, and manipulating a file
fiddlercore FiddlerCore allows you to integrate HTTP/HTTPS traffic viewing and modification capabilities into your .NET application, without any of the Fiddler UI
formclosing null
generic-handler the .NET components that implement the System.Web.IHttpHandler interface
phpfox a social networking platform created in PHP
social-framework The Social Framework allows you to integrate social networking services with your application on both iOS 6 and OS X 10.8 Mountain Lion
nodetool Command line tool for managing Cassandra clusters.
fpm FastCGI Process Manager - an alternative PHP FastCGI implementation with some additional features
system.io.file In C#, F#, VB and C++ provides static methods for the creation, copying, deletion, moving, and opening of a single file, and aids in the creation of FileStream objects
spring-mvc-test null
ipywidgets IPython widgets for the Jupyter Notebook
iplimage one of the basic data structures used in OpenCV to store information about the images.
maven-compiler-plugin used to compile the sources of your project
peerjs a JavaScript library for peer-to-peer communication using WebRTC.
peer a type of decentralized and distributed network architecture in which individual nodes in the network act as both suppliers and consumers of resources,…
pdf-conversion Relating to converting between Portable Document Format and other file formats
sensu an open source monitoring framework written in ruby.
bbpress Forum plugin for WordPress
llblgenpro an Object Relational Mapper for .NET
xml-configuration A configuration that could be parsed from the XML file.
wso2greg an open-source, SOA integrated registry-repository that stores and manages meta data related to service artifacts
ldd a unix command-line tool to print shared library dependencies for an executable or shared library.
database-first null
vendor-prefix In CSS, identifiers may begin with '-' or '_'
discriminator a column used in object-relational mapping problems to describe inheritance
appcelerator-studio Use for questions related to Appcelerator Studio IDE for developing Native Mobile Apps and APIs using JavaScript
azure-storage-queues Windows Azure supports two types of queue mechanisms: Windows Azure Queues and Service Bus Queues
saiku Modular open-source analysis suite offering lightweight OLAP which remains easily embeddable, extendable and configurable.
angular-ui-select AngularJS-native version of Select2 and Selectize
projectile A projectile refers to an object, point type or solid, that was launched into an orbit or ballistic trajectory and is typically traveling at high velocity.
photolibrary null
orb Oriented FAST and Rotated BRIEF - A less computationally intensive key point detection and descriptor than SIFT
qtspim a user interface built on the Qt UI framework for Spim, a self-contained simulator that runs MIPS32 programs.
qtreewidgetitem The QTreeWidgetItem class, part of the Qt framework, provides an item for use with the QTreeWidget class.
reasoning For questions relating to reasoning tasks that can be be performed by programming tools
vlfeat an open source library that implements popular computer vision algorithms
sysfs a virtual file system provided by Linux
smil SMIL is a XML markup language for describing multimedia presentations.
standard-error the standard deviation of the sampling distribution of a statistic
sizzle a JavaScript CSS selector engine.
thumb A reduced instruction set for ARM processors , originally intended for embedded systems with a small amount of RAM
steroids an app development platform based on PhoneGap.
stringification Stringification refers to the use of the `#` operator in a **C** preprocessor macro to use an argument as a string
voting-system null
two-columns null
toc a summary of a larger piece of text.
openvswitch an open-source software switch designed to be used as a virtual switch.
lasso an interpreted programming language and server for developing database-driven web applications.
vxml designed for creating audio dialogs that feature synthesized speech, digitized audio, recognition of spoken and DTMF key input, recording of spoken input, telephony, and mixed initiative c…
qstandarditemmodel The QStandardItemModel class provides a generic model for storing custom data.
datagridviewcomboboxcell DataGridViewComboBoxCell allows you to select a value for the respective DataGridView cell, from the list of values
data-protection Tag for questions relating to personal data protection, and legal issues regarding privacy.
enterprise-library-5 a collection of application blocks designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges.
xuggle A free open-source library for Java developers to uncompress, manipulate, and compress recorded or live video in real time
arima ARIMA model is a statistical model for finding patterns in time series in order to predict future points in the series.
boost-function A Boost C++ library that provide a family of class templates that are function object wrappers, similar to generalized callbacks.
live-sdk Live SDK provides a set of controls and APIs that enable applications to integrate single sign-on with Microsoft accounts and access information from SkyDrive and Outlook.com on Windows Phone an…
filelock locks held by an application, preventing interference from other processes
mining null
servicehost host a WCF service in self-hosted scenarios
windows-embedded-compact Previously known as 'Windows CE', Microsoft changed the naming of the operating system starting with version 7.0.
cos short for cosine, mathematical trigonometric function of an angle
test-data null
jquery-blockui The jQuery BlockUI Plugin lets you simulate synchronous behavior when using AJAX by blocking user interaction and showing a user-defined wait indication.
icriteria a simplified API for retrieving entities by composing NHibernate.Expression objects
preferencescreen the root of a Preference hierarchy
categorization null
catransition The `CATransition` class implements transition animation for a layer
phpquery a server-side, chainable, CSS3 selector driven Document Object Model API based on the jQuery JavaScript library
solution-explorer a window that shows the files present in a Visual Studio Solution.
control-characters non-printing characters used to send signals to the output terminal.
fading the moment at which an item is slowly gaining or losing visibility in response to events or actions .
jquery-pagination refers to a broad list of jQuery plugins providing pagination experience to DOM elements such as <tr> and <li>.
joomla3.1 For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 3.1
joomla3.2 For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 3.2
excel-2011 Excel 2011 refers to the spreadsheet editor included in Microsoft Office for Mac 2011.
compile-time-constant for questions related to the compile time constant, a constant value that is known at compile time.
dateinterval null
dds a type of communications middleware
agent-based-modeling a computer simulation method where agents make decisions based on their interactions with each other and their environment
j2mepolish a suite of tools and technologies for Java ME development
kamailio an Open Source SIP Server released under GPL, able to handle thousands of call setups per second.
powerapps an enterprise service for innovators everywhere to connect, create and share business apps with your team on any device in minutes, it fundamentally transforms and accelerates how organiz…
shadow-mapping produce shadows in a 3D scene, by drawing objects to a texture or textures, and then mapping them onto a scene.
post-processing null
ekeventkit null
application.cfc null
avalonedit a .NET WPF-based source code editor component developed for SharpDevelop 4.0 .
usps The United States Postal Service provides a web API for accessing postal data such as zip codes and rates
cloud-storage a model of networked enterprise storage where data is stored in virtualized pools of storage which are generally hosted by third parties
janusgraph a scalable graph database optimized for storing and querying graphs containing hundreds of billions of vertices and edges distributed across a multi-machine cluster
jekyll-extensions plugins for the Jekyll CMS
farseer C#/XNA port of the Box2D physics engine.
energy Question regarding energy consumption of hardware of different instruments such as cpu's, cell-phones etc.
eml Filename extension used by many email clients including Microsoft Outlook Express, Windows Mail and Mozilla Thunderbird
getattribute null
google-colaboratory a research tool for machine learning education and research
hardlink Links a name with actual data
inputmismatchexception on questions regarding input mismatch exceptions that occur when using the `Scanner` object.
contourf Filled two-dimensional contour plot
lpsolve a free linear programming solver
php-java-bridge an implementation of a streaming, XML-based network protocol, which can be used to connect a native script engine, for example PHP, Scheme or Python, with a Java virtual machine…
touch-events triggered when a user 'touches' a GUI component
innertext used to set or retrieve the text between the start and end tags of the object.
mobiscroll A wheel scroller user control optimized for touchscreens to easily enter date and/or time
hunspell An open source spell checker, used by OpenOffice, Firefox, Google Chrome and Mac OS X.
mouse-cursor null
ssas-2012 Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Reporting and Analysis Services is a business intelligence suite
scorm2004 the current version of SCORM
mailboxer a gem for private message system.
tethering the act of sharing a data connection in a mobile phone with other computers
raise null
html.beginform Writes an opening <form> tag to the response
fat the name of a computer file system architecture and a family of industry standard file systems utilizing it.
vimeo-player an HTML5 video player that enables developers to embed Vimeo videos on web pages
imagedownload for questions related to downloading any kind of images programmatically.
uistepper A UIStepper control provides a user interface for incrementing or decrementing a value.
mongoexport null
tabnavigator null
zfs a combined file system and logical volume manager designed by Sun Microsystems The features of ZFS include protection against data corruption, support for high storage capacities, efficient dat…
xtk a WebGL framework for Scientific Visualization.
zend-gdata a PHP 5 interface for accessing Google Data from PHP
zynq Zynq refers to the Zynq-7000 family of SoCs
ld-preload a list of additional ELF shared objects that should be loaded first.
django-grappelli a grid-based alternative/extension to the Django administration interface
oracle-maf Oracle's Mobile Application Framework is a hybrid mobile framework which leverages Java, HTML5 and JavaScript to deliver a complete MVC framework with declarative user interface definition, devi…
pre-commit an action taken prior to committing your code into a version control system.
reconnect null
revealing-module-pattern an updated Module Pattern where you define all of your functions and variables in the private scope and return an anonymous object at the end of the module along with p…
twitterizer refers to the Twitterizer open source library by Ricky Smith.
textnode nodes which contain only text, rather than the other node types of element, comment, and processing instruction.
sql-drop a keyword in sql
sql-server-2017 for questions specific to the 2017 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.
solr5 Related to the version 5 of SOLR search engine : http://lucene.apache.org/solr/
ti-basic the official name of a BASIC-like language built into Texas Instruments 's graphing calculators, including the TI-83 series, TI-84 Plus series, TI-89 series, TI-92 series, TI-73, and T…
svg.js a lightweight library for manipulating and animating SVG
traitsui a data-driven framework developed by Enthought for building user interfaces on top of traits in python.
wakeup Resuming the previously suspended thread, process, activity, application or the whole operating system.
vast an Interactive Advertising Bureau specification for inserting advertisements into Flash, HTML5 and native video players.
opendj an open source, LDAPv3 compliant directory service, built on the Java platform
out-of-browser A general term describing applications which use client side web-standard technologies to create a desktop application
azure-cdn Content Delivery Network for Windows Azure, used for serving content with high availability and high performance
intro.js A JavaScript/HTML5 library for step-by-step introduction
limesurvey a web based survey application built on PHP and MySQL
featured give special prominence, attention, or publicity to items in a collection.
pyenv pyenv lets you easily switch between multiple versions of Python
swipeview a class designed to simplify the implementation of horizontal, paged scrolling views on iOS.
pyscripter a free and open-source software Python integrated development environment editor for Windows
bde the abbreviation for Borland Database Engine.
htmlunit-driver a WebDriver implementation using HtmlUnit as browser.
uiblureffect A UIBlurEffect object applies a blurring effect to the content layered behind a UIVisualEffectView
magic-numbers unexplained values that often should be replaced with a named constant.
keyword-search null
dbconnection null
fotorama a jQuery plugin which provides a simple, stunning and powerful photo gallery
external-process null
snackbar Snackbars provide lightweight feedback about an operation
php-telegram-bot applications that can be used via telegram chat, the interaction is via Messages
git-tfs a Windows open sourced two-way bridge between TFS and git, similar to git-svn.
dynamic-languages a class of high-level programming languages whos behaviors is determined at runtime rather than compile time.
glow null
impresspages a PHP framework with drag & drop admin panel
wireframe a visual guide that represents the skeletal framework of a website
induction Anything related to mathematical induction principle and techniques applied to computing
equalizer null
jasmine2.0 an open source testing framework for JavaScript
iso8583 ISO 8583 Financial transaction card originated messages — Interchange message specifications is the International Organization for Standardization standard for systems that exchange electronic transac…
joomla-module an extension that offers certain functionality to a site, that is not supposed to serve as main content, and is usually placed around component code.
lftp a sophisticated terminal-based file transfer program with support for FTP, HTTP, FISH, SFTP, HTTPS and FTPS protocols
lync-2010 Microsoft Lync 2010 was released in 2011 to replace Microsoft Office Communicator 2007 R2 - an instant messenging and communications tool for large companies.
mat-file a binary file format, that can stores multiple MATLAB variables
bisection Anything related to a class of algorithms where the result is found by searching either the upper or the lower half of a sorted set of items and repeating this procedure recursively
bada Samsung's platform for mobile devices.
excel-charts In Excel, you can create graphical representations of your data in your spreadsheet in charts.
vagrant-provision Provisioners in Vagrant allow you to automatically install software, alter configurations, and more on the machine as part of the vagrant up process
ganglia a scalable distributed system monitor tool for high-performance computing systems such as clusters and grids
owner null
kanban a method for developing software products and processes with an emphasis on just-in-time delivery while not overloading the software developers
builder-pattern Separate the construction of a complex object from its representation so that the same construction process can create different representations
bulma a CSS Framework developed using Flexbox and SASS.
microformats extensions to HTML for marking up people, events, blog posts, reviews, recipes etc
cfwheels CFWheels provides CFML developers with a rapid MVC framework for increased productivity, organized code, and overall developer happiness.
supersized a fullscreen background slideshow built using the jQuery library
path-variables an environment variable on various operating systems which specifies a list of directories where executable programs are located.
overpass-api a read-only API that serves up custom selected parts of the OpenStreeetMap map data.
roundcube a web-based IMAP email client written in the PHP programming language
rocket.chat https://rocket.chat, an open-source web server/client chat application, featuring livechat, video conference, screensharing, file uploads, role-based permissions, native apps, and much more, licensed …
android-mediascanner The MediaScannerConnection class provides a way for applications to pass a newly created or downloaded media file to the media scanner service
sharepoint-clientobject API to interact with SharePoint data remotely from script that executes in the browser
columnsorting Column sorting refers to any columns based technique that sorts a list of data based on its individual column values.
css-filters post-processing effects such as opacity, gradients, and shadows which can be applied to elements using CSS3 properties
css-content CSS Generated Content allows us to insert and move content around a document
declarative-services a component model that simplifies the creation of components that publish and/or reference OSGi Services.
delimited null
data-compression null
banking Banking refers to the process of carrying out financial transactions through centralized institutions known as .
cakebuild a build automation system with a C# DSL to do things like compiling code, copy files/folders, running unit tests, compress files and build NuGet packages
mpmediapickercontroller null
kohana-3.2 An elegant HMVC PHP5 framework that provides a rich set of components for building web applications.
jsonmodel a library, which allows rapid creation of smart data models
isql used to connect to Sybase ASE server via the command prompt window for running scripts or other database related stuffs.
irrlicht a free open-source cross-platform real-time 3D engine written in C++
jain-sip a Java specification for SIP Signaling.
dynamics-365 for questions related to Microsoft Dynamics 365, which is wider umbrella to bring CRM, AX, PSA, HR, etc together.
gear-vr Questions about development for the Samsung Galaxy Gear-VR, a head-mounted virtual reality display.
wmv a video compression and container format created by Microsoft for several proprietary codecs.
dotless a .NET port of the funky Less JavaScript library Lovingly ported by Christopher Owen, Erik van Brakel, Daniel Hoelbling, James Foster and Luke Page
sid In the context of the Microsoft Windows NT line of operating systems, a SID is a unique, immutable identifier of a user, user group, or other security principal.
3nf a database design principle originally defined by E.F
android-searchmanager Search Manager Class Provides access to the system search services.
socialauth Java Library for authentication, getting profile, contacts and updating status on Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and many more providers
genetics The scientific study of the principles of heredity and the variation of inherited traits among related organisms.
model-checking Model checking refers to the following problem: Given a model of a system, test automatically whether this model meets a given specification.
mod For questions related with the *mod operation*, that can arise in Cryptography, Number Theory, Hashing, etc..
non-clustered-index Non-Clustered Index contains pointers to the data that is stored in the data page
webpack-3 Version 3 of the Webpack bundler
web-reference a technique used in software development to provide access to a resource that is available using Internet protocols
sts-securitytokenservice Security Token Service
cappuccino an Objective-J framework for developing modern applications which run in a web browser.
viewport-units The viewport units `vh`, `vw`, `vmin` and `vmax` are units of measurement relative to the browser viewport size, introduced in CSS3.
angularjs-ng-show The ngShow directive shows or hides the given HTML element based on the expression provided to the ngShow attribute.
flyout null
google-swiffy Google Swiffy converts Flash SWF files to HTML5, allowing you to reuse Flash content on devices without a Flash player .
asana-api a RESTful interface, providing programmatic access to much of the data in the system
error-correction the detection of errors and reconstruction of the original, error-free data.
featherlight.js a very lightweight jQuery lightbox.
react-leaflet React components for Leaflet maps.
code-golf a game that was played on Stack Overflow in its early days, but it is now considered off-topic
ensemble-learning In statistics and machine learning, ensemble methods use multiple learning algorithms to obtain better predictive performance than could be obtained from any of the constituent learning algorithms.
hbm null
yahoo-weather-api Yahoo! Weather RSS Feed enables you to get up-to-date weather information for your location.
workflowservice a .NET Framework class for management of Windows workflow services.
xcode-server the name for the Xcode service previously in OS X Server, but as of Xcode 9, integrated into Xcode itself
parent-pom a parent configuration file in Maven POM inheritance.
objectdisposedexception thrown when an operation is performed on a disposed object.
philips-hue a personal wireless lighting system using lightbulbs with multi-colored LEDs.
routed-commands WPF: Defines a command that implements ICommand and is routed through the element tree.
user-stories is a way of software requirements documentation focused on user-centered design
unification Unification, in computer science and logic, is an algorithmic process by which one attempts to solve the satisfiability problem
update-attributes null
subscriber null
template-templates refer to a template parameter that is itself a template.
smartclient Smart Client helps you to build and maintain more usable, portable, efficient web applications faster, propelled by an open, extensible stack of industry-tested components and services.
shop null
stagefright the android media framework
unsafe-pointers Some pointers for use with APIs written in languages like C and Objective-C
wcf-endpoint the name given to the combination of address, contract, and binding associated to a Windows Communication Foundation service.
requirements.txt the standard name for a requirements file for Python package installation program `pip`
recompile The act of compiling something again.
remoteobject null
rapidxml A general purpose XML parser for C++ designed for execution speed and practical usage
partial-application a programming technique for passing less than the full number of arguments to a function, in order to yield a new function that can be used later
json-simple a Java-to-JSON binding API that serializes and deserializes JSON data to and from Java data structures.
discord.net An unofficial .Net API Wrapper for the Discord client
xcb a library for marshaling X Window System network protocol requests and responses
disaster-recovery A series of steps taken to restore a computer, service or other such complex system into a known working good state.
fcntl fcntl refers to a function that provides control over the open file referenced by a file descriptor
docker-toolbox an installer to quickly and easily install and setup a Docker environment on your computer.
array-splice PHP's array_splice function helps to replace or extract array elements for particular offset
checkedtextview a subclass of the Android's TextView class which implements the Checkable interface.
mongodb-aggregation a NoSQL database with the intent of storing billions of records
jcreator an open source integrated development environment with a moderate to small user base
jdk1.5 For questions relating to using the Java Development Kit , version 1.5.
adobecreativesdk The Adobe Creative SDK provides Creative Cloud and Creative Tool components for developers on iOS, Android, and Web.
session-scope A state of the Java bean that holds it during HTTP session.
easygui a module for very simple, very easy GUI programming in the Python programming language.
nsapplication the central class in Apple's AppKit framework.
bindparam In PHP, binds a variable to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.
binary-compatibility generally an ability of two hardware/software systems to run the same binary code without the need to recompile.
medium-trust null
ff An R package that provides memory-efficient storage of large data on disk and fast access functions
file-structure null
httppostedfilebase assist with file uploads.
isodate Anything related to ISO standard date formats, i.e
laravelcollective Use for questions about use of or contribution to the LaravelCollective; a collection of Laravel components such as Annotations, Html, Form, SSH, that have been removed from the core Laravel framework…
nstoolbar NSToolbar and NSToolbarItem provide the mechanism for a titled window to display a toolbar just below its title bar.
email-address An email address identifies an email box to which email messages are delivered.
cmake-gui from http://www.cmake.org/cmake/help/v3.0/manual/cmake-gui.1.html
denial-of-service the intentional attack of a machine or resource, aiming to make unavailable to its intended users, often by overloading it with artificially crafted requests.
copy-on-write null
combinators a higher-order function that uses only function application and earlier defined combinators to define a result from its arguments.
android-googleapiclient null
android-vibration The Android framework includes support for Vibration available on devices, allowing you to control the device's vibrations from your application
android-typeface Typeface specifies the typeface and intrinsic style of a font in Android.
game-center-leaderboard is used for questions on Apple's Game Centre service that use the leaderboard function
sunos a version of the Unix operating system developed by Sun Microsystems for their workstation and server computer systems
android-configchanges null
color-mapping used when displaying intensity images
directsound a software component of the multimedia API collection known as Microsoft DirectX
circle-pack the study of the arrangement of circles on a given surface such that no overlapping occurs and so that all circles touch another.
chained A series of things connected or following in succession.
chartist.js a JavaScript responsive charting library using SVG.
lexical is used to denote a connection with words of a language, its grammar or the dictionary
hashbang used in AJAX-based web applications to indicate that it has web crawler support
freeimage an Open Source library project for developers who would like to support popular graphics image formats like PNG, BMP, JPEG, TIFF and others as needed by today's multimedia applications."
mysql-cluster a write-scalable, real-time, ACID-compliant transactional database, designed to deliver 99.999% availability.
nativelibrary null
non-english for questions that relate to problems involving text or data that is written in another language besides English.
collatz a conjecture that a certain algorithm always terminates
dbms-scheduler An Oracle scheduling package.
construct a powerful declarative parser for binary data.
ssid a case sensitive, 32 alphanumeric character unique identifier attached to the header of packets sent over a wireless local-area network .
moviepy a Python module for video editing, which can be used for basic operations , video compositing , video processing, or …
sql-merge `SQL MERGE` statement allows us to insert new rows into table and update existing rows depending on given condition
securestring Represents text that should be kept confidential
gridlines the lines that divide rows and columns in a grid layout, or guide lines in a plot.
graphml File-format for graphs which consists of a language core to describe the structural properties of a graph and a flexible extension mechanism to add application-specific data
hresult used as a return value to determine the success or failure of a function.
ng-pattern HTML input element control with angular data-binding
attr-accessor a way of declaring attribute accessibility via Ruby's metaprogramming facilities.
html-validation for questions about client-side form validation in browsers, as defined in https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/forms.html#client-side-form-validation
text-based null
bcd a method of representing each decimal digit of a number with a fixed number of bits.
minimongo Minimongo refers either to client-side MongoDB database, or the Python lightweight schemaless object-oriented interface to MongoDB.
getselection null
openstack-neutron an OpenStack project to provide between interface devices.
jquery-traversing Functions in the Traversing category in the jQuery JavaScript library allow for the selection and manipulation of element based on the function description.
python-packaging namespaces which contain multiple packages and modules themselves.
react-redux-form null
invocation null
react-hot-loader null
revmob a worldwide pay per install based ad network for mobile apps & web sites
rippledrawable Using RippleDrawable, users will no longer have a button that simply changes colors when pressed; instead, that button will respond with ripples and waves when users interact with it
rs485 RS-485 is a standard defining the electrical characteristics of drivers and receivers for use in balanced digital multipoint systems.
webhttpbinding null
variable-variables Language feature of PHP: A variable variable takes the value of a variable and treats that as the name of a variable.
twitter-digits Digits lets people create an account or sign into your app using nothing but their phone number on iOS and Android
truffle Development and testing framework with integrated asset pipeline for the virtual currency Ethereum
solace Solace's open data movement technology gives you the freedom to embrace hybrid computing by offering real-time event-driven publish/subscribe, streaming, request/reply and persistent message routing w…
subtype null
tess4j a Java JNA wrapper for Tesseract OCR API.
syslog-ng a flexible and highly scalable system logging application that is ideal for creating centralized and trusted logging solutions.
transaction-isolation Transaction isolation relates to the visibility and impact of changes made in one transaction on concurrent transactions.
transaction-log a log file of all actions performed on a database
tridion-content-delivery SDL Tridion Content Delivery , including distribution, presentation, and storage APIs.
server-configuration null
searchable a plugin for Grails that brings rich search features to Grails applications with minimum effort, and gives you power and flexibility when you need it
portable-applications applications that can be installed to and used from a portable storage like an USB flash drive.
azure-batch null
invariants called an invariant to a sequence of operations provided that: if the predicate is true before starting the sequence, then it is true at the end of the sequence.
mtm Use Microsoft Test Manager to help you test the application you built
autocompletebox Represents a control that provides a text box for user input and a drop-down that contains possible matches based on the input in the text box.
autocommit null
laravel-spark an experimental project primarily intended for building business oriented SaaS applications, and is highly opinionated towards that use case.
nss a set of libraries designed and maintained by Mozilla to support cross-platform development of security-enabled client and server applications.
baud-rate refers to the number of signal or symbol changes that occur per unit time
theano-cuda theano-cuda relates to the installation, configuration, and use of the CUDA backend for Theano
mongohq a Database-as-a-Service platform for securely hosting and managing databases instances including MongoDB.
openrasta an open-source MVC framework that can run on .net 2.0 and above, built from the ground-up to enable ReSTful scenarios.
object-model for questions related to object-model.
textblob Simple, Pythonic, text processing--Sentiment analysis, part-of-speech tagging, noun phrase extraction, translation, and more
struts-validation for questions related to validation of data for struts.
hotdeploy Deployment of an application to a server without the need of restarting the server for changes made in the code base to take effect.
horizontallist null
paradox Paradox was created by Borland, as an integrated database management system and application development language for desktops and servers
activejdbc a Java ORM modeled on ActiveRecord from Ruby on Rails.
redirectstandardoutput null
broccolijs Browser compilation library – a build tool for applications that run in the browser
pretty-urls URLs that are SEO-friendly and easy-to-read.
socat a relay for bidirectional data transfer between two independent data channels.
extended-ascii A catch-all term for character encodings that are supersets of ASCII
mdns a method for small networks to advertise services without user configuration
dsa a public-key signature algorithm defined by NIST.
elasticsearch-java-api null
google-now an intelligent personal assistant app for Android and iPhone/iPad devices, that aims to assist your life by showing information based on the date, your location, and upcoming events.
kendo-ui-mvc Server side wrappers that enable the use of Kendo-UI widgets from the back-end in MVC applications.
junction-table a table that contains common fields from two or more tables and is the canonical way to implement Many-to-Many relations in SQL and Relational-type databases.
nodeclipse a plugin that adds IDE functionality to the Eclipse for the Node.js.
mysqli-multi-query in case of multi-query execution in mysqli
mod-perl2 an Apache2 web server module
c++-faq Provides a collaborative, community-edited C++ FAQ
embedded-tomcat-7 Questions about running Apache Tomcat 7 as an embedded server in another application.
embedded-v8 null
bootstrapvalidator the jQuery plugin to validate form fields, designed to use with Bootstrap 3, developed by nghuuphuoc
c++-amp C++ Accelerated Massive Parallelism an API for GPGPU/APU/multi-core programming for C++ developers
dart-mirrors Dart Mirrors lets you reflect objects with an API that is based on the concept of mirrors.
datejs an open-source JavaScript library for working with dates.
postdata the data sent by an HTTP POST Request, which is one request type of the HTTP Specification
shadowing In computer programming, shadowing occurs when a variable declared within a certain scope has the same name as a variable declared in an outer scope
apache-modules Apache modules extend the Apache opensource HTTP server core functionality for special purposes.
mgcv a CRAN package for the R language, it contains routines for GAMs and other generalized ridge regression with multiple smoothing parameter selection by GCV, REML…
iteratee null
appwidgetprovider A convenience class in Android to aid in implementing an AppWidget provider.
posting null
del a command that deletes files in cmd / batch.
dih a Solr contrib that provides a configuration driven way to import this data into Solr in both and using incremental delta imports.
confluence-rest-api provided for developers who want to integrate with or build on top of the Atlassian Confluence platform and administrators who want to script interactions with the Confluenc…
custom-binding KnockoutJS: Extending KnockOut JS's built-in bindings to allow a lot of flexibility to encapsulate sophisticated behaviors in an easy-to-reuse way.
cobalt a lightweight HTML5/CSS/JS application container that is designed to provide a rich application development environment with minimal resource consumption
certbot the official client used to issue Let's Encrypt SSL certificates
nsinputstream null
javascript-injection a process by which we can insert and use our own JavaScript code in a page.
lexicographic a generalization of the way the alphabetical order of words is based on the alphabetical order of their component letters.
m4 a general purpose macro processing language developed by Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie.
listboxitems null
gmail-contextual-gadgets a gadget that is triggered by clues in Gmail, such as the contents of Subject lines and email messages
html-sanitizing the process of examining an HTML document and producing a new HTML document that preserves only whatever tags are designated .
flipview Represents an items control that displays one item at a time, and enables behavior for traversing its collection of items.
factory-boy A test fixtures replacement for Python based on thoughtbot's factory_girl for Ruby .
dynamic-jasper an open source free library that hides the complexity of Jasper Reports.
geonames Geonames refers to a database / webservice to query various geographic data items such as names of places, latitude, longitude, elevation, population in various languages
eclipse-3.6 For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse 3.6 released on 23 June 2010
uidevice The UIDevice class provides a singleton instance representing the current device
recurly Recurly provides a complete recurring billing system designed to remove all the headaches from subscription billing.
activeperl a distribution of Perl from ActiveState for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, Solaris, AIX and HP-UX.
firebasesimplelogin Firebase's deprecated simple login service
cannot-find-symbol used when code returns an error message that a symbol cannot be located
canonicalization is a process for converting data that has more than one possible representation into a , or canonical form.
image-comparison Methods, algorithms and techniques for the programmatic comparison of image data.
wql a subset of the American National Standards Institute Structured Query Language —with minor semantic changes.
odt .ODT, the word processing file format of OpenDocument, an open standard for electronic documents
autocorrect null
fedora-25 Version 25 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
apktool a tool for reverse engineering 3rd party, closed, binary Android apps.
qtablewidgetitem a Qt class providing an item for use with the QTableWidget class.
blocked null
r-googlesheets for questions related to the R googlesheets-package.
hawtio a lightweight and modular HTML5 web console for managing Java-based server applications on Tomcat, Jetty, ActiveMQ, ServiceMix, Karaf, JBoss, Fuse Fabric, etc
cloudera-quickstart-vm Cloudera QuickStart VM contains a single-node Apache Hadoop cluster including Cloudera Manager, example data, queries, and scripts.
kundera a JPA 2.1-compliant object-datastore mapping library for NoSQL datastores.
pst File format used by Microsoft Outlook to store data locally.
onmousedown the event where a mouse button is first clicked
recorder null
radar-chart A radar chart graphically displays the values of three or more categories along a separate axis that starts in the center of the chart.
upcasting Upcasting permits an object of a subclass type to be treated as an object of any superclass type.
unicode-normalization Unicode normalization refers to the standardisation of Unicode strings
websphere-commerce IBM's e-commerce platform
stan open source software for Markov chain Monte Carlo sampling, often used for multilevel Bayesian modeling.
sparklines A jQuery plugin that generates sparklines .
shopware an PHP based eCommerce solution
text-manipulation the term used to describe various operations applied to strings and/or text.
text-segmentation the process of dividing written text into meaningful units, such as words, sentences, or topics.
svnignore Subversion allows to set a special property which causes specified files/directories being ignored when checking in changes to Subversion.
vga Anything related to Video Graphics Array video card and related standards
uimanager UIManager manages the current look and feel and its defaults.
tizen-native-app an open and flexible operating system built from the ground up to address the needs of all stakeholders of the mobile and connected device ecosystem, including device manufacturers, mobile op…
qualifiers A qualifier adds an extra , such as specifying volatility or constness of a variable
resource-leak null
runge-kutta an important family of implicit and explicit iterative methods, which are used in temporal discretization for the approximation of solutions of ordinary differential equations.
obsolete no longer used in the current versions of various technologies.
ocean a development platform for the Oil & Gas industry to create plug-ins to extend the capabilities of the Petrel software
printdialog a class that invokes a standard Microsoft Windows print dialog box that configures a PrintTicket and PrintQueue according to user input and then prints a document.
commerce E-Commerce related questions
kruskals-algorithm An algorithm for finding the minimum spanning tree for a connected weighted graph using a greedy search.
netcdf4 Questions related to NetCDF format and corresponding libraries/implementations may have this tag.
django-q A Q object encapsulates a SQL expression in a Python object that can be used in database-related operations.
x-cart a web based, open source, shopping cart written in PHP.
boost-phoenix a C++ library to enable function programming in C++.
drupal-blocks self-contained collections of content and functionality that are displayed from Drupal within theme regions.
drjava A lightweight IDE for java, designed primarily for students
symfony-2.5 the Symfony 2.5.x specific tag
gii the web-based code generation tool of Yii Framework
desktop-shortcut Use for questions relating to shortcut files on Windows.
binary-heap null
aws-codebuild Describes Amazon Web Services CodeBuild questions and answers
fluent-migrator a migration framework for the .NET platform that lets you easily create migration-steps that fit very nicely into an automated deployment scenario.
drawrectangle commonly the name of a method for drawing rectangles in several related Windows APIs.
evil-mode a vim emulator for emacs
icefaces-3 an open-source Rich Internet Application development framework based on the JavaServer Faces 2 Standard.
icheck a javascript library to customize checkboxes and radio buttons, it provides plugins for both jQuery and Zepto.
localdate part of the java.time package and represents a year-month-day in the ISO calendar and is useful for representing a date without a time, such as 2000-01-01
jwplayer7 null
irq a hardware signal sent to the processor that temporarily stops a running program and allows to handle a hardware event.
nsinvocation An NSInvocation object contains all the elements of an Objective-C message: a target, a selector, arguments, and the return value
nio2 an umbrella name for new features added to the original Java NIO package in the Java 1.7 release
mime-message null
poi-hssf the Apache POI project's Java API for manipulating Excel format files
byref null
django-tests an extremely useful bug-killing tool for the modern Web developer.
activity-recognition Activity recognition tries to detect the user's current physical activity, such as walking, driving, or standing still.
android-togglebutton A toggle button allows the user to change a setting between two states.
party Questions related to the R packages party and partykit for recursive partitioning
packery a pure JavaScript/jQuery layout library that intelligently lays out elements so as to fit them into as small a space as possible.
quotations Code quotations, a language feature that enables you to generate and work with F# code expressions programmatically
utm a geographic coordinate system to give locations on the surface of the Earth.
cgrectmake used in iOS, it returns a rectangle with the specified coordinate and size values.
cgimageref The CGImageRef opaque type represents bitmap images and bitmap image masks, based on sample data supplied
kafka-python Kafka-Python provides low-level protocol support for Apache Kafka as well as high-level consumer and producer classes
postdelayed null
django-wsgi django-wsgi refers to the WSGI deployment platform for Django
data-entry Anything related to data-entry, i.e
cytoscape an open source software platform for visualizing complex networks and integrating these with any type of attribute data
blockingcollection A .Net class that provides blocking and bounding capabilities for thread-safe collections.
malware-detection Malware detection relates to any form of discovering whether or not a file contains undesired source instructions, that would perform malicious instructions, ranging from stealing information, directi…
nm GNU tool that list symbols from object files
jvm-languages Languages that compile their source code to the byte code of the java virtual machine are commonly called JVM languages
hole-punching the process of taking advantage of the standard way of implementing NAT to allow direct connection between computers in private networks.
grpc-java Java version of general RPC framework over HTTP/2.
nao-robot a programmable humanoid robot
incompatibletypeerror null
mddialog null
phpinfo The `phpinfo` function outputs information about PHP's configuration.
oledbdatareader OleDbDataReader Class provides a way of reading a forward-only stream of data rows from a data source.
facebook-instant-articles a Facebook project which aims to improve articles pages load speed in mobile Facebook applications.
identify null
jquery-bootgrid A grid control especially designed for bootstrap
ruby-debug to allow you to see what is going on “inside” a Ruby program while it executes.
replicate null
turkish refers to the Turkish language
array-algorithms defined as functional algorithms where each step of the algorithm results in a function being applied to an array, producing an array result
xll An Excel Add-In written in C and compiled in native Windows DLL format for high performance.
pypdf2 a pure-python PDF library capable of splitting, merging together, cropping, and transforming the pages of PDF files
jqxhr a jQuery object that provides a JavaScript cross-browser-compatible superset object for the browser-implemented XMLHttpRequest object.
google-voice a telecommunications service offering enhanced: voicemail, forwarding, conferencing, etc
virtual-address-space virtual address space or address space is the set of ranges of virtual addresses that an operating system makes available to a process
usart USART stands for Universal Synchronous/asynchronous Receiver/transmitter is a modern IC which comes with a UART that can also communicate synchronously.A USART is usually an individual …
vcf a file format standard for electronic business cards
muenchian-grouping an XSLT technique for optimizing the grouping of data in an XSL Transform.
backgrid a datagrid UI library for Backbone.js
xcode-bots The basic component processes of Xcode Server, a continuous integration system for iOS and OS X development built by Apple
backand a backend-as-a-service for AngularJS that provides social login, push notifications, and Ionic integration.
doctrine-extensions adding functionalities to the facilities provided by Doctrine, a DB abstraction layer and Object Relational Mapper for PHP.
onhover null
parsefloat a global JavaScript method which parses an argument, and returns a number.
pageviews an instance of a page being loaded by a browser
scsi Small Computer System Interface is a set of parallel interface standards developed by the American National Standards Institute for physically connecting and transfer…
sealed The sealed modifier keyword prevents a C# class from being inherited
schema-design Concerned with design of properties and their hierarchy to represent an entity in a specific format
qregexp a Qt class that provides the functionality of regular expressions.
ready a HTML DOM JS function indicating the document may be manipulated
unicode-escapes for questions related to Unicode Escapes, a Unicode character Escape sequence represents a Unicode character.
vmware-fusion A software system for running virtual machines used to run Windows or other operating systems on a Macintosh under OSX.
susy-sass a layout toolkit for the Sass CSS pre-processor
storage-access-framework The Storage Access Framework makes it simple for users to browse and open documents, images, and other files across all of their their preferred document storage providers on the Android platform.
smart-tv a term that describes group of TV platforms that allows developing and publishing applications like on desktop or mobile…
spyne a Python RPC toolkit that makes it easy to expose services that have a well-defined API using multiple protocols and transports
starttls an extension to plain text communication protocols, which offers a way to upgrade a plain text connection to an encrypted connection instead of using a separate port for encry…
startactivityforresult Questions about starting Activities in Android and in return receive a result from the started activity when it finished.
syntaxnet SyntaxNet, an open-source neural network framework implemented in TensorFlow that provides a foundation for Natural Language Understanding systems.
tax a financial charge or other levy imposed upon a taxpayer by a state or the functional equivalent of a state to fund various public expenditures.
variable-names null
valueinjecter ValueInjecter lets you define your own convention-based matching algorithms in order to match up source values to destination values.
watson-iot IBM's platform for connecting devices, building Internet Of Things applications and making sense of the data
unordered can be used whenever the data present in the question is not ordered, that is, not following a specific pre-defined pattern
server.xml null
settings.settings a configuration file in .NET Windows Forms applications
pre-build-event An event to run scripts, macros or other actions before compilation.
powerset the set of all subsets for a given set.
ngx-translate an internationalization library for Angular 2+
distributed-cache for questions related to DistributedCache; a facility provided by the Map-Reduce framework to cache files needed by applications.
ios-bluetooth null
ios-keyboard-extension App Extensions that can run system-wide in iOS 8 and up.
prototyping Prototyping refers to the development of software intended to demonstrate the feasibility of an idea.
org.json A JSON processing library for Java, available from http://json.org/
querystringparameter null
panic A condition of the the operating system when its state is so broken that imminent shutdown is preferred.
sessionstorage The sessionStorage object stores the data for only one session
arrayobject ArrayObject class allows objects to work as arrays in PHP
as3-api The ActionScript3 API for Facebook includes API for Web, AIR and Mobile.
responsetext null
webcam-capture The Webcam Capture library makes it possible to use a build-in or external webcam directly from Java
giraph an iterative graph processing system built for high scalability.
apiary.io Next generation platform for building and using REST APIs.
java-compiler-api A Java API for the Java compiler, available as javax.tools.JavaCompiler and related classes.
ctest Is the CMake test driver program
ogr a C++ open source library providing read access to a variety of vector file formats including ESRI Shapefiles, S-57, SD…
skype4com an ActiveX component that represents the Skype API as objects, with properties, commands, events and notifications
libclang a stable high level C interface to the clang compiler.
som a type of artificial neural network that is trained using unsupervised learning to produce a map reprensenting the input space of the training samples.
dotfuscator Dotfuscator provides application self-protection and obfuscation for any type of .NET app through a combination of binary obfuscation/hardening, detection, defense and alert controls
groovyshell The term groovyshell refers to both: 1
gnu-coreutils for questions specific to the GNU Core Utilities
hexagonal-tiles Tessellating tiles for use as 2d-histogram bins, game boards, etc.
exuberant-ctags a multilanguage implementation of CTags.
equals-operator null
formhelper null
kohana-3.3 an open source, object oriented MVC web framework built using PHP5 by a team of volunteers that aims to be swift, secure, and small.
network-monitoring Describes the use of a system that constantly monitors a computer network for slow or failing components and that notifies the network administrator in case of outages…
mvcjqgrid Simplifies the implementation of jqGrid in ASP.NET MVC applications.
man-in-the-middle An attacker who interposes himself in the middle of a connection.
mpmediaquery A media query specifies a set of media items from the iPod library by way of a filter and a grouping type
barrier a synchronization method for a group of threads or processes and means they must stop at this point and cannot proceed until all other threads/processes reach this barrier.
cocoaasyncsocket a TCP/IP socket networking library that wraps CFSocket and CFStream for Cocoa/Objecive-C.
data-url a misspelling of Data URI - a URI which represents the resource itself, rather than the location of the resource.
direct-line-botframework part of Microsoft's Bot Framework and is one of the available messaging channels there, along with Facebook, Skype etc
.net-4.5.2 the version of the popular Microsoft .Net framework prior to version 4.6
aero-glass a Microsoft Windows desktop theme, incorporating various animation and transparency effects into the desktop using hardware acceleration and the Desktop Window Manager .
ar The Unix archiver utility, used primarily for maintaining static libraries
apache-commons-io a library of utilities to assist with developing IO functionality.
mgwt an mobile extension to GWT which allows to write mobile apps with GWT
effective-java a book by Joshua Bloch
quotation-marks null
alternate null
cxfrs an Apache Camel component that provides integration with Apache CXF for connecting to JAX-RS services hosted in CXF.
authenticode the process of digitally signing executables and scripts to confirm the software author and guarantee that the code has not been altered or corrupted since it was signed by use of a cr…
copy-item a powershell cmdlet that copies an item from one location to another.
emberfire the officially supported Ember JS adapter for Firebase with Ember-Data.
cocoalibspotify-2.0 an Objective-C wrapper around Spotify's libspotify library
base-conversion the process of changing the base of the textual representation of a number to another base
moodle-api Moodle has a number of core APIs that provide tools for Moodle scripts.API's are already having functionality that can be reuse,and allow you to interact with Moodle system
nuspec used in the generation of Nuget packages
kobold2d an extended and improved version of the popular Cocos2D for iPhone game engine
keyboardinterrupt null
james a pure Java SMTP, POP3 Mail server, IMAP and NNTP News server designed to be a complete and portable mail/messaging engine solution based on open messaging protocols.
freetype2 a font engine library used in rendering glyphs from font file
futuretask A cancellable asynchronous computation
fitnesse-slim The SLIM test system of the FitNesse test framework
ember-qunit Unit test helpers for Ember applications.
helios for questions which are specific to this Eclipse release, in most cases you should also specify the eclipse tag.
heightmap texture containing individual heights used to store terrain data.
google-cloud-sdk Google Cloud SDK contains tools and libraries that enable you to easily create and manage resources on Google Cloud Platform, including App Engine, Compute Engine, Cloud Storage, BigQuery, Cloud SQL, …
gradients null
include-guards Anything related to C/C++ include guards technique, i.e
gtk2hs a GUI library for Haskell based on Gtk+
asp.net-mvc-views a standard HTML document that can contain scripts
aspell a Free and Open Source spell checker designed to eventually replace Ispell
cubes an open-source light-weight Python framework and OLAP HTTP server for easy development of reporting applications and aggregate browsing of multi-dimensionally modeled data.
spring-ioc a core component of the Spring Framework
ssms-2014 Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2014 is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server
ssrs-2014 a server-based report generation software system from Microsoft
repr a Python built-in function that returns the canonical string representation of its input.
high-resolution null
single-quotes Questions related to the use of single-quotes in different programming languages.
nssplitview An NSSplitView object stacks several subviews within one view so that the user can change their relative sizes
deduplication the process of removing duplicated or redundant data from a database.
boost-preprocessor a library of C++ preprocessor metaprogramming tools including repetition and recursion
opam the standard tool to manage OCaml source packages
intellij-15 Use this when developing with the IntelliJ IDEA 15 IDE for Java.
quickblox-android for questions related to quickblox on android platform
orika an open-source JavaBean mapping library that recursively copies data from one object to another
folder-structure null
recursive-descent a kind of top-down parser built as a set of recursive procedures each implementing a production rule of the grammar.
right-join The RIGHT JOIN keyword will return all the rows from the right table, even if there are no matches in the left table.
angular2-ngmodel null
linked-tables tables that are joined from different data sources
mtp MTP stands for Media Transfer Protocol, which supports the transfer of music files on digital audio players and media files on portable media players, as well as personal information on personal digit…
jtextcomponent the base class for swing text components
zend-framework-mvc an open source, object oriented web application framework for PHP 5
kubernetes-helm a tool to manage packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources .
app-code a bundled folder of Website model starting from ASP.NET 2.0.
documentlistener A Listener object that reacts to the opening/closing of a document on a GUI component
pic18 The PIC18 series 8 bit microcontrollers manufactured by Microchip Technology.
outbound stands for any behavior or event related to links pointing to URLs outside the current domain.
payum a full-fledged payments library for PHP.
row-height null
readr an R package that provides a fast and friendly way to read tabular data.
ranorex a commercial UI test automation framework for testing many different application types including Web 2.0, WPF, Flash/Flex, Silverlight, Qt, .NET and Java.
radwindow Telerik component for creating Child and Dialog Windows and customize their appearance and content.
resignfirstresponder A UIResponder method added for handling remote-control events
traminer a toolbox for exploring and rendering categorical sequence data such as sequences describing family life trajectories or professional careers
wasapi The Windows Audio Session API enables client applications to manage the flow of audio data between the application and an audio endpoint device.
uint8t uint8_t
real-time-data information that is delivered immediately after collection
rpn For questions relating to the Reverse Polish Notation, which is a notation for mathematical expressions where the operands precede the operator.
scip an software package for solving mixed integer linear programming problems and part of the SCIP optimization suite
seh Microsoft Structured Exception Handling is the native exception handling mechanism for Windows.
pcntl short for Process Control, a PHP Extension implementing the Unix style of process creation, program execution, signal handling and process termination.
onfling the method detecting the Fling motion will catch a horizontal swipe, either from left to right, or from right to left
apl APL is an interactive array-oriented language
animatewithduration a block-based animation method for the UIView class in iOS, to automatically animations.
kryonet TCP and UDP client/server library for Java
cloud-init a set of python scripts and utilities that handles initialization and configuration of cloud instances
background-fetch a background execution mode on iOS 7 and newer, used for apps that regularly update their content by contacting a server can register with the system and be launched periodically t…
crontrigger null
release-mode an ide or build setting requesting builds without debug objects
zend-acl an Access Control List class in the Zend Framework, an open source, object-oriented web application framework implemented in PHP 5 and licensed under the New BSD License.
zuul a tool for running javascript tests in the browser
xcode7.2 Related to the specific version of the Apple's IDE, Xcode 7.2
axwindowsmediaplayer the base class for the Windows Media Player control
mapkitannotation null
struts-tags The Struts framework's tag library decoupled from the view technology.
windows-kernel The Windows kernel provides services for user-mode applications and has a modular architecture that allows loading kerner drivers
choicefield null
reactcsstransitiongroup Related to React library transitions : http://facebook.github.io/react/
object-slicing Object slicing refers to assignment by value of a sub-class instance to a super-class instance,thereby losing part of the information i.e
object-persistence null
tstringlist a RTL class whose purpose is to store and manipulate a list of strings
opensso an open source access management and federation server platform.
filesaver.js FileSaver.js implements the HTML5 W3C saveAs FileSaver interface in browsers that do not natively support it
preorder A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed before its children.
imread null
nattable for questions about Eclipse NatTable which is an SWT table/grid widget that supports very large data sets and advanced features.
mysql-error-1005 If MySQL reports an error number 1005 from a CREATE TABLE statement, and the error message refers to error 150, table creation failed because a foreign key constraint was not correctly formed
libphonenumber Google's common Java, C++ and Javascript library for parsing, formatting, storing and validating international phone numbers
abbreviation For questions related to short forms of words or phrases.
griffon For questions relating to Griffon, client application platform that uses Groovy and Java.
hud HUD, which stands for Heads-Up Display usually refers to some particular informations displayed in the computer game directly on the screen.
in-house-distribution when discussing distributing Apple platform applications via the in house certificates under Apple's Enterprise Development program.
dragonfly-gem a Ruby gem for a framework that enables on-the-fly processing for any content type
eclipse-oxygen the code name for Eclipse 4.7 released on 28th June 2017
false-positive the case where the positive result of a test doesn't correspond to reality
gdlib free PHP extension library used for image manipulation.
janrain SaaS vendor with flagship products offering solutions for social sign-in and registration , user profile management, and single sign-on.Janrain specializes in customer …
junit3 version 3 of the popular JUnit testing framework for Java
minidump a file containing information about the state of a process, generally used for post-mortem debugging on Windows.
bootstrap-tabs Bootstrap tabs provide an easy way to create elegant and dynamic tabs to manage the content of web pages without writing any JavaScript code.
callable-statement a JDBC API class that provides a way to call stored procedures in a standard way for all RDBMSs
clientid null
cprofile a Python module that describes the run time performance of a program, providing a variety of statistics.
datacontractjsonserializer a .NET component that makes it possible to directly serialize .NET objects into JSON data and to deserialize such data back into instances of .NET types.
developer-console Used for Google Developers Console
custom-object null
pass-data null
metric null
game-theory studies conflict and cooperation between rational agents in games, with applications in computer game programming, modeling of economical or coevolutionary processes, and more.
ane Adobe AIR Native Extensions contain native code wrapped with an ActionScript API.
android-elevation a feature introduced in Android Lollipop 5.0, is part of new Google Material Design Recommendation
.net-cf-3.5 For .NET compact framework version 3.5 related questions
code-structure written to allow it to be best read, maintained and organized for efficiency
charindex The CHARINDEX function searches a character string for the first occurrence of a target substring, where the search begins at a specified or default character position within the source string.
browser-feature-detection the practice in web development of determining whether a browser or device supports a certain feature, so as to provide fallbacks for older browsers or allow enhanced functionalit…
bigcartel a simple shopping cart for clothing designers, bands, record labels, jewelry makers, crafters, and other artists.
mbstring MultiByte String in PHP
memory-layout null
nxt should be used when asking question about programming in the NXT 1.0 or 2.0 environment, or about programming the NXT 1.0/2.0 controller using other methods than the language/environment p…
nsmutabledata NSMutableData provide data objects, object-oriented wrappers for byte buffers
jqlite jQLite - a jQuery Stand-in for BlackBerry
maatwebsite-excel An eloquent way of importing and exporting Excel and CSV files for Laravel 4.* & Laravel 5.* with the power of PHPOffice's PHPExcel
loss-function null
logstash-forwarder a program for securely shipping logs over a network to be ingested by Logstash.
floyd-warshall an O algorithm for computing all-pairs shortest paths in a directed weighted graph.
lua-api Anything related to Lua C Application Programming Interface .
lsf a software to execute batch jobs on networked Unix and Windows systems on many different architectures
speex an open-source audio compression format designed for speech
non-greedy A technique used in regular expressions, that limits the matching text until all conditions of the given regex have been met
nokia-s40 a software platform and application user interface software on Nokia's broad range of mid-tier feature phones.
ebcdic Extended Binary Coded Decimal Interchange Code is a set of 8-bit character encodings.
webresource.axd null
knime a user-friendly graphical workbench for the entire data analysis process.
gitattributes Git attributes provide the option to set various settings for a set of files/directories.
git-bare so named because it has no working directory; it only contains files that are normally hidden away in the .git subdirectory
tsung an open-source multi-protocol distributed load testing tool.
turbogears2 a full stack rapid development web framework written in Python.
web3js a collection of modules which contain specific functionality for the ethereum ecosystem allowing to ease interactions with Ethereum blockchain, its smart-contracts and related e…
jdom-2 the Second version of the JDOM XML API See the for differences over JDOM 1
checkpoint a widely deployed brand of firewalls and other security and networking products.
mixture-model null
log4cxx a logging framework for C++ patterned after Apache log4j
tray refers mostly to the GUI system notification area and rarely to the disc tray of an optical disc drive
android-api-levels assigned a unique integer identifier, called the API Level.
vimdiff a vim mode that can show differences between two, three or four files.
qtranslate a free translator for Windows
last-insert-id MySQL specific functionality to get the value of the AUTO_INCREMENT column most recently inserted into
ngen a tool for the .NET framework that improves the performance of managed applications by creating and caching processor-specific machine code, so that just-in-ti…
pygraphviz a Python interface to Graphviz
pyhook a python wrapper for global input hooks in Windows
procedural a term used to denote the way in which a computer programmer writes a program
reselect a selector library for Redux.
razor-pages Apply to questions related to Razor Pages, which are a feature of ASP.NET Core starting in ASP.NET Core version 2.0.
qos the overall performance of a telephony or computer network, particularly the performance seen by the users of the network.
qlayout The QLayout class, part of the Qt framework, is the base class of geometry managers.
try-finally a clause used to define a block of code which may throw an exception along with instructions to execute regardless of whether an exception occurs or not.
tiling for questions about tessellations as well as figuratively the optimization technique of loop tiling.
todataurl a HTMLCanvasElement method that returns the data URI value of a canvas element
stereoscopy Stereoscopy refers to a technique for creating or enhancing the illusion of depth in an image by presenting two offset images separately to the left and right eye of the viewer.
stencil-buffer a concept implemented in various 3D graphics APIs used for performing operations, used to minimize rasterization of hidden pixels or to implement various effects.
swarm a web-based code review and collaboration tool for Perforce.
solr6 Related to the version 6 of SOLR search engine.
shopify-app a gem made by Shopify to help in the creation of plugins for their ecommerce platform
spread null
syntaxhighlighter a code coloring JavaScript library made by Alex Gorbatchev
tabbed null
twisted.internet Twisted Internet: Asynchronous I/O and Events.
setcontentview An Android method for *explicitly* setting the `Activity` content `View`.
selenium-grid2 Selenium-Grid allows you run Selenium tests on different machines, running various operating systems, against different browsers in parallel
prims-algorithm a fast algorithm for computing minimum spanning trees.
pycairo A set of Python bindings for the cairo graphics library.
appcmd The command line utility for configuring IIS 7.
saaj SOAP with Attachments API for Java
veracode Veracode provides automated static and dynamic application security testing software and remediation services
xamlparseexception the exception class for parser-specific exceptions from a WPF XAML parser
xaf The DevExpress eXpressApp Framework is a modern and flexible .NET application framework that allows you to create powerful line-of-business applications that simultaneously target Windows and th…
functionality null
osclass PHP based open source project that allows you to create and manage a classifieds site almost without any technical knowledge.
pyunit a unit testing framework for Python.
fisheye a distortion of images, such as that provided by a Fisheye lens, by which a wide-angle effect is achieved
papervision3d an open-source real-time 3D engine for Flash
integer-promotion Anything related to C and C++ integer promotions, i.e
dedicated-server a type of Internet hosting in which the client leases an entire server not shared with anyone else.
armv6 Questions related to ARMv6 Architecture
swisscomdev a cloud platform based on Cloud Foundry.
zenity free software and a cross-platform program that allows the execution of GTK+ dialog boxes in command-line and shell scripts.
errordocument null
listselectionlistener A listener object that reacts to the change of selections in a GUI list component
multiplexing In telecommunications and computer networks, multiplexing is a method by which multiple analogue message signals or digital data streams are combined into one signal over a shar…
webpacker null
flashvars a parameter of the HTML <OBJECT> tag and is used to sends variables into a SWF file when it loads in a web browser.
xrm an alternative term used to market Microsoft Dynamics CRM
android-switch an android class for a two state toggle switch
nativequery JPA concept that allows queries in your native database syntax
showcaseview an Android library which showcases specific parts of an application.
finagle an open source network stack from Twitter that you can use to build asynchronous Remote Procedure Call clients and servers in Java, Scala, or any other JVM-hosted language.
dragula a JavaScript library for convenient drag and drop support
http-status-code-304 The HTTP response status code 304 Not Modified
machine-translation Machine Translation, a subfield of Natural Language Processing, is the automatic translation of human languages.
listfield null
kong open-source management layer for Microservices & APIs, focused on high performance and reliability.
libs It's a special folder in Java projects
jenkins-slave Jenkins supports the nodes, allowing a single Jenkins installation to host a large number of projects, or…
mkpolyline used to represent a sequence of connected points, commonly used to draw an overlay on a MKMapView.
azure-servicebus-topics null
balanced-payments Balanced payments refers to the libraries and RESTful API created by Balanced for processing credit cards and ACH payments.
cakephp-3.2 Questions about the 3.2.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
capturing-group regular expression constructs that makes use of capturing in regex to capture parts of the matched string during a match sequence in the regexp pattern.
django-email django-email refers to questions about sending emails in your Django application
access-point a configurable network identifier used by a mobile device when connecting to a GSM carrier.
accumulate Accumulation refers to the process of repeatedly combining the previously calculated result with the next item, until the supply of items is exhausted.
diazo Diazo allows you to apply a theme contained in a static HTML web page to a dynamic website created using any server-side technology.
ovh an Internet Service Provider providing dedicated servers, shared and cloud hosting, domain registration, and VOIP telephony services.
bundle-identifier A bundle identifier lets iOS and OS X recognise any updates to your app.
mhtml a webpage format that can combine different resources, such as text, images, flash, audio or much more in one file.
itemlistener The listener interface in Java AWT and Swing for receiving item events.
mesa An open source implementation of OpenGL
qwebkit The QtWebKit module, part of the Qt framework, provides a web browser engine as well as classes to render and interact with web content.
adventureworks A sample SQL database for SQL Server, maintained by Microsoft.
android-framelayout Android layout that uses the screen to display views that can be stacked on top of each other, with the most recent child added on top.
direct3d9 null
dev-to-production for questions pertaining to the process of moving code and data from a development environment to a production environment.
code-splitting null
contentplaceholder a ASP.NET control that defines a relative region for content in a master page, and renders all text, markup, and server controls from a related Content control found in a content page.
bluecove Open Source Java Bluetooth API implementation for various Bluetooth stacks on Windows, Linux, Mac OSX and Windows Mobile devices
cmmotionmanager Use for questions regarding CMMotionManager objects; an NSObject class in the Core Motion framework and MonoTouch.CoreMotion Namespace.
mkfifo Creates a named-pipe
multiple-definition-error Refers to a compiler error for multiple declarations of a variable, function, or class in the same program or project
negation the logic operation that inverses a value, also seen as a NOT operation
infobox used to create pop-up balloons for pushpins to be displayed in Bing Maps
empty-list a container of `list` type that has no content
dopostback a javascript method that allows to trigger a postback from the client.
visual-studio-setup-proje if you are creating Visual Studio setup projects
dynamic-class-loaders a part of the Java Runtime Environment that dynamically loads Java classes into the Java Virtual Machine.
phrase null
express-jwt Connect/express middleware that validates a JsonWebToken and set the req.user with the attributes
non-deterministic Nondeterminism refers either to a computing system where the result may be one of many specified results or to a theoretical construct in which a computing system is allowed to try many options in par…
most-vexing-parse The term refers to a particular syntactic ambiguity in C++ programs that leads to a counterintuitive interpretation of certain declarati…
segments null
ansi-c an informal term sometimes used when referring to the C programming language standard published by the American National Standards Institute in 1989 .
mirc Windows based IRC client
mongorestore A program that takes binary data created by mongodump and restores it to a MongoDB instance.
symfony3.4 the Symfony 3.4.x specific tag
rails5 null
folium A python wrapper for the geo-mapping Leaflet.js library.
azure-app-service-envrmnt Azure App Service Environment provides apps with higher scale options and direct corporate connectivity
qt3d a Qt module providing high level 3D scene rendering using OpenGL for Qt/QML applications.
qtmultimedia QtMultimedia module from the Qt Toolkit that provides a rich feature set to easily take advantage of a platform's multimedia capabilites and hardware.
wse the obsolete Web Services Enhancements code from Microsoft
yii2-user A flexible user management module that handles common tasks such as registration, authentication and password retrieval.
amazon-elastic-transcoder video transcoding in the cloud
app.xaml the declarative starting point of a WPF application
project-server Microsoft Project Server - Project management system
openvms specific to the OpenVMS operating system
sequence-points Points in a program's execution at which it is guaranteed that all side effects of previous evaluations will have been performed, and no side effects from subsequent evaluations have yet been performe…
radix In mathematical numeral systems, the radix or base is the number of unique digits, including zero, that a positional numeral system uses to represent numbers
radeditor Rich text editor control by Telerik
repair null
referrals null
to-char The TO_CHAR function converts another data type to a text
ubuntu-15.04 the latest release of the Ubuntu Linux distribution
texturepacker a utility for Sprite sheets, normally for use in the cocos2d game engine.
thrift-protocol The protocol family used by the cross-platform, crosss-language Apache Thrift RPC and serialization framework
spring-data-couchbase The Spring Data Couchbase project provides integration with the Couchbase Server database
reference-class a new way of object-oriented programming in R, such that objects are not copied but are instead mutable
openiddict OpenIddict aims at providing a simple and easy-to-use solution to implement an OpenID Connect server in any ASP.NET Core application.
onmousemove a event that is triggered when the user moves the mouse pointer on an element.
payu a comprehensive operator of online payments
outlook-2003 Microsoft's personal information management software.
pinning the process of associating a host with their expected X509 certificate or public key.
powerpoint-2010 the presentation graphics software in the Microsoft 2010 Office suite
plivo a cloud communications provider that offers the ability to send and receive phone calls and text messages via a simple REST API, as well as full SIP support.
nextgen-gallery null
lastinsertid null
docker-swarm-mode null
zend-session a component made by Zend which helps in managing and preserving sessions in any application which uses Zend Libraries.
active-form a widget that builds an interactive HTML form for one or multiple data models.
typesafe-config a configuration reading library written by Typesafe.com in Java.
translucency null
array-unique PHP's array_unique function accepts a single array and returns a new array with all duplicate values removed
mitmproxy an interactive console tool that allows network traffic to be inspected and edited on the fly.
opencms an open source content management system written in Java
boost-spirit-x3 LL parser framework represents parsers directly as EBNF grammars in inlined C++14
tstringgrid VCL grid control designed to manage the handling of strings and associated objects in Delphi and related development tools
hadoop-plugins Plugins for the Apache™ Hadoop™ project.
halide a domain-specific language for image processing and computational photography.
boxapiv2 Box API V2 using oAuth 2.0
mp4parser Provides a Java API for parsing MP4 files.
mouse-listeners A Listener Object that reacts to events triggered from a Mouse input device
idempotent said to be idempotent when it can be called multiple times without changing the result.
uicollectionreusableview The UICollectionReusableView class defines the behavior for all cells and supplementary views presented by a collection view.Available in iOS 6.0 and later
spring-messaging A Spring Framework module providing APIs and base classes for messaging.
dynamic-data-display Dynamic Data Display a set of WPF controls for adding interactive visualization of dynamic data to a WPF or Silverlight application
luasocket a Lua extension library that helps to add support for functionality commonly needed by applications that deal with the Internet
sigkill the signal sent to a process to cause it to terminate immediately
binarywriter null
spiral a two- or three-dimensional shape composed of lines which continuously wrap around a center point
event-store NEventStore is a persistence library used to abstract different storage implementations when using event sourcin…
dup a c system call that duplicates a file descriptor
interception null
generate-series Relating to the row generator function generate_series in PostgreSQL
jasig a global consortium of educational institutions and commercial affiliates sponsoring open source software projects which benefit higher education.
isnumeric a valid numeric type.
kendo-ui-grid The Kendo UI Grid widget supports paging, sorting, grouping, and scrolling of data sets of any size.
city null
bnd a Java tool for automated building bundles for an OSGi environment.
content-negotiation a mechanism defined in the HTTP specification that makes it possible to serve different versions of a document at the same URI, so…
coq-tactic programs written in Ltac, the untyped language used in the Coq proof assistant to transform goals and terms
downloadfile null
avrdude used in development for Atmel AVR microcontrollers to access the contents of the ROM/EEPROM memories on the target platforms.
activescaffold a rails gem that lets you create user interfaces for CRUD operations.
overrides the process of replacing the base implementation of a method .
quickfixj the Java port of QuickFIX, an open-source engine for writing applications that communicate via FIX protocol.
pathname Anything related to pathnames
microsoft-chart-controls null
custom-events is an ambigious tag used when a question targets an event in an event-driven system created an maintained by the asker him or her -self.
clutter An open source software library for creating dynamic graphical user interfaces.
kendo-template Simple-to-use, high-performance JavaScript templating engine within the Kendo UI toolkit
lzw a compression algorithm which supersedes LZ78.
negative-lookbehind In regular expressions, negative lookbehind checks if the character before the current character does NOT match a certain character.
nskeyedunarchiver NSKeyedUnarchiver, a concrete subclass of NSCoder, defines methods for decoding a set of named objects from a keyed archive
geos A topology processing library: Geometry Engine - Open Source
dynamics-crm-365 Microsoft's latest a multi-lingual Enterprise Business Solution
file-attributes null
aws-codecommit a fully-managed source control service that makes it easy for companies to host secure and highly scalable private Git repositories.
mediatemple a Los Angeles based website hosting and software application services company
castle-monorail a MVC web framework for .NET
kif an iOS integration test framework
ideavim a vim emulation plug-in for IDEs based on the IntelliJ platform.
stacked-area-chart a type of chart that is used to display graphically quantitive data.
webpack-file-loader null
object-pascal A superset of the Pascal language that includes Objects, Classes, Generics and other object-oriented devices.
single-threaded Single threaded as opposed to multithreading defines a code section, object or application that can run only using and allowing a single thread.
jri a Java/R Interface, which allows to run R inside Java applications as a single thread.
tail-call-optimization when a function returns directly the result of a called function, to avoid allocating a new stack frame
swtbot an open-source Java based UI/functional testing tool for testing SWT and Eclipse based applications.
xlsm one of the file extensions for files created by Microsoft Excel
nsscanner an Objective-C class implemented in the Foundation framework, starting from Mac OS X 10.0
android-app-indexing App indexing allows us to enable Google to crawl through an android app's content and present it to users through Google Search results.
hci Host/controller interface in Bluetooth
xmlunit an open source project which enables JUnit-style assertions to be made about the content and structure of XML.
backcolor null
telerik-open-access a powerful framework for mapping the objects in your object-oriented domain model to your relational database tables, views, and/or stored procedures
x3d a markup language for 3D graphics.
react-intl React Components for internationalization
django-pagination null
nested-table Table containing another table
s60 a smartphone UI and middleware layer on top of Symbian OS
riot.js a React-like user interface micro-library
subsequence a sequence obtained by deleting some elements and retaining the relative order of the remaining elements
trunk a main branch recommended by Subversion, but you are in no way forced to create this.
trust a measure of how much an entity relies on other entities for its security.
updateprogress null
vibration a kind of user interaction or attention feedback provided by some devices.
tf the commandline client for Team Foundation Server
tasklist Windows command that displays a list of applications and services with their Process ID for all tasks running on either a local or a remote computer.
spring-cloud-feign for question related to the use of Feign declarative REST client inside the spring cloud ecosystem.
sql-date-functions is for questions related to database SQL functions that handle date and time information.
qmap a Qt class that implements a map a.k.a
qtwidgets Questions related to the QtWidgets module in Qt 5 that provides a set of UI elements to create classic desktop-style user interfaces.
selectable a jQuery UI plugin that allows for elements to be selected by dragging a box with the mouse or clicking.
script-task The Script task provides code to perform functions that are not available in the built-in tasks and transformations that SQL Server Integration Services provides
performancepoint a business intelligence server integrated with SharePoint
opentype a cross-platform font file format developed jointly by Adobe and Microsoft
front-controller The Front Controller Pattern provides a centralized entry point for handling requests in web applications.
code-folding a feature of some text editors that allows one to ‘fold’ and ‘unfold’ large blocks of code.
cloudify a pure-play open source cloud orchestration platform built in Python and a TOSCA-based YAML DSL, that enables the plugging in of any cloud or toolset.
orientdb-2.1 for questions specific to the 2.1 version of Orient DB of Orient Technologies.
hsts a web security policy mechanism whereby a web server declares that complying user agents are to interact with it using only secure HTTPS connections.
as.date an R function used to convert between character or numeric representations and objects of class , representing calendar dates.
wow64 a subsystem of the Windows operating system that is capable of running 32-bit applications and is included on all 64-bit versions of Windows.
onscrolllistener an interface definition for a callback to be invoked when the list or grid has been scrolled in android devices.
web3 the JavaScript framework for interacting with Ethereum blockchain
antixsslibrary a .NET assembly provided as part of the Web Protection Library, a Microsoft Open Source project
minizinc a solver-independent Constraint-Programming modelling language.
mouse-position null
premake Lua embedded build configuration and project generation tool
multiscreen Development of Android software which utilizes multiple displays.
faces-config the standard JSF web application configuration file that contains various customization options for a JSF Web application
oid the Oracle Internet Directory product
om A ClojureScript interface to Facebook's React.
snapchat a photo messaging application with help of which, users can take photos, record videos, add text and drawings, and send them to a controlled list of recipients.
binary-serialization The process of translating data structures or object state into a binary format
fancybox-3 jQuery lightbox script for displaying images, videos and more
format-string null
draw2d a layout and rendering toolkit for displaying graphics on an SWT canvas
ewsjavaapi Java implementation of the Exchange Web Services API
google-people two Google people APIs: The new Google People API lets you list authenticated users' contacts and retrieve profile information for authenticated users and their contacts
infiniband a high-speed switched fabric communications link technology used in high-performance computing and enterprise data centers.
nintex-workflow Nintex Workflow enables organizations to build complex workflow processes quickly and easily using a web browser interface
mypy an optional static type checker for Python.
mongotemplate Part of Spring Data project which provides consistent Spring-based programming model for new datastores while retaining store-specific features and capabilities.
load-time amount of time that takes a browser to fully download and render a web page.
libssh a mulitplatform C library implementing the SSHv2 and SSHv1 protocol on client and server side.
jetpack a WordPress plugin that enables self-hosted WordPress installs to connect to WordPress.com to get additional features, powered by its cloud infrastructure.
wificonfiguration null
wicket-1.6 Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java programming language conceptually similar to JavaServer Faces and Tapestry
cumulocity a proprietary, cloud-based Internet of Things applications development platform.
content-management Content management practices and goals vary by mission and by organizational governance structure.
django-debug-toolbar a configurable set of panels that display a variety of debug information about the current request/response.
debouncing Debouncing ensures that exactly one signal is sent for an event that may be happening several times.
datastep the basic method of manipulating data in SAS, a 4G Statistical programming language.
edx a massive open online course platform, created by the MIT and Harvard University to offer online university-level courses, and released under the AGPL license.
ivar In object-oriented programming, an instance variable is a variable defined in a class , for which each object of the class has a separate copy, or instance.
custom-membershipprovider null
powerdesigner an enterprise modeling tool from SAP.
eiffel a statically typed object-oriented programming language closely related with the programming method of the same name
asp.net-core-mvc-2.0 For specific questions on ASP.NET Core MVC version 2, please use the asp.net-core-2.0 tag together with the asp.net-core-mvc tag.
asio ASIO stands for Audio Stream Input/Output, a digital audio protocol
android-titlebar Android Bar that contains a title for the Application or for the current Screen
android-compatibility Related with Android compatibility issues.
custom-model-binder null
gameplay-kit Apple's GameplayKit framework provides pathfinding, goal-based movement, rulesystems, entity-component systems, finite state machines and random distribution classes for game developers
bundles null
dense-rank A SQL window-function that returns the a consecutive rank of rows, within a partition of a result-set.
domaincontroller a Windows server which responds to security authentication requests within the Windows Server Active Directory domain.
widechar a generic name for character sets wider than ASCII
embedded-tomcat-8 Embedded Apache Tomcat 8
jflex JFlex — The Fast Scanner Generator for Java
jquery-knob An jQuery-based spinner/dial control.
jpeg2000 an image encoded format intended to supercede JPEG.
less-mixins In Less, any selector with a group of CSS properties can be referred to as a mixin
lego Questions regarding the programming and robotic aspect of the LEGO© line of construction toys.
kramdown kramdown is a free MIT-licensed Ruby library for parsing and converting a superset of Markdown
laravel-forge Instant PHP Platforms On Linode, DigitalOcean, and more.
linqdatasource a Web Control which enables the use of Language-Integrated Query in an ASP.NET Web page through markup text to retrieve and modify data from a data object.
lost-focus The transition that occurs when a control status changes from focused to unfocused.
msbuildcommunitytasks an open source project for MSBuild tasks.
mmc a component of Windows that provides an administrative interface for system configuration
nwjs an app runtime based on Chromium and Node.js
information-theory a branch of applied mathematics, electrical engineering, and computer science involving the quantification of information.
hogan.js a JavaScript templating engine for Mustache templates.
hippocms a Java based, Open Source CMS
eventargs Represents the base class for classes that contain event data, and provides a value to use for events that do not include event data.
epplus-4 a .net library that reads and writes Excel 2007/2010 files using the Open Office Xml format .
elki an open source data mining software with the focus on cluster analysis and outlier detection
double-click-advertising a Google own company provider online advertising services.
wix3.10 For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.10.
mysql-connector-python a pure-Python database adapter which enables Python programs to access to MySQL databases.
sonos a home music system that aggregates music from a variety of sources
sony-camera-api Sony’s Camera Remote API beta SDK allows you to control a number of Sony cameras, including Sony Action cams, Sony Alpha cameras and Lens Style cameras, wirelessly from another device.
source-code-protection Preventing source code being obtained, copied, read by various means such as obfuscation and encryption
cognos-8 a reporting tool from IBM used widely for Business Intelligence.
facebook-friends Questions related to Facebook Friends with facebook SDKs.
system.net.webexception a .NET exception is thrown when an error occurs while accessing the network through a pluggable protocol.
ruby-1.8 For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.8
becomefirstresponder null
anko JetBrains library for Android application development
file-manipulation null
gyp a tool created at Google for the Chromium project that generates native Visual Studio, Xcode and SCons and/or make build files from a platform-independent input format.
jquery-widgets jQuery UI widgets allow web developers to use familiar desktop style controls within a web application environment.
response.write null
pyro a library that enables you to build applications in which PYthon Remote Objects can talk to each other over the network, with minimal programming effort.
drools-planner Drools Planner optimizes planning, routing and scheduling
core-video a pipeline model for digital video in MacOS X 10.4, iOS 4.0 and above.
cancellation-token null
cancel-button a UI construct that usually takes the form of a normal button with the word written on it
http-1.1 the latest version of the http protocol
puts Anything related to C or C++ standard library, or Ruby functions `puts` or `std::puts`
pdfa an ISO-standardized version of the Portable Document Format specialized for the digital preservation of electronic documents.
xmlrpclib the Python standard library module for transparently handling XML Remote Procedure Call.
xwpf a Java API to handle Microsoft Word 2007 .docx format files
xcode8.1 Related to the specific version of the Apple's IDE, Xcode 8.1
zend-pdf Questions related to Zend_Pdf, the PDF manipulation engine component of Zend Framework
fsevents null
xbrl the eXtensible Business Reporting Language
procmail a powerful Mail Delivery Agent capable of sorting and filtering mail based on rulesets called recipes
datapump A server based bulk import and export facility in Oracle
laravel-seeding Database Seeding in Laravel
orchard-modules Modules in the Orchard Content Management System are used to extend the system.
precompiled null
sdl-ttf a sample library which allows you to use TrueType fonts in your SDL applications
sequencefile a Hadoop binary file containing key/value pairs.
samsung-galaxy null
reflow the name of the web browser process for re-calculating the positions and geometries of elements in the document, for the purpose of re-rendering part or all of the document.
signal-strength null
sitecore-dms Sitecore DMS refers to Sitecore's built in analytics package that comes included with the CMS
taylor-series a representation of a function as an infinite sum of terms that are calculated from the values of the function's derivatives at a single point.
visa VISA stands for Virtual Instrument Software Architecture
usb-debugging USB debugging enables Android developers to remotely control devices.
uint32 a datatype that represents an unsigned integer and is coded on 32 bits in memory.
visual-web-developer-2010 Integrated Development Environment from Microsoft targeting ASP.Net applications
validationsummary used to summarize the error messages from all validators on a ASP.NET web page in a single location.
varchar2 The VARCHAR2 datatype stores variable-length character strings.
websharper The web platform based on an F# to JavaScript compiler.
windows-security null
window.opener The opener property returns a reference to the window that created the window.
wildfly-swarm Swarm offers an innovative approach to packaging and running JavaEE applications by packaging them with just enough of the server runtime to your application.
text-search null
opencvsharp An OpenCV-wrapper for .NET written in C#.
parseexception A Java ParseException gets raised whenever a ParseObject issues an invalid request.
linkedin-jsapi LinkedIn's JavaScript API
protected-mode x86 protected mode allows system software to support virtual memory, paging and preemptive multi-tasking.
codefluent a commercial code-generation tool provided by SoftFluent that integrates into Microsoft Visual Studio 2008, 2010, 2012, 2013 and 2015
django-fixtures a collection of data that Django knows how to import into a database, can be written as XML, YAML, or JSON documents
yepnope an asynchronous conditional JavaScript/CSS resource loader that allows you to load only the scripts that your users need.
maproute null
fastq FASTQ format stores sequences and Phred qualities in a single file
iperf a commonly used network testing tool that can create TCP and UDP data streams and measure the throughput of a network that is carrying them.
driving-directions null
openai-gym a platform for reinforcement learning research that aims to provide a general-intelligence benchmark with a wide variety of environments.
table-variable A SQL Server local variable that can store rows.
ilog Recently purchased and rebranded by IBM as Websphere JRules, ILog JRules is the former name of a suite of tools used to create and run rule-based applications.
simpy A discrete-event simulation framework for Python
for-xml null
x-sendfile non-standard HTTP header supported by Apache to offload the process of serving large static files from dynamic scripts after they have performed the necessary authorization or …
system.in Predefined stream object attached to the standard input in Java console applications.
datetime-conversion for questions related to the Datetime conversion, i.e
multivariate-testing Multivariate testing is hypothesis testing in the context of multivariate statistics
google-eclipse-plugin a set of software development tools that enables Java developers to quickly design, build, optimize, and deploy cloud-based applications.
coin-change All problems with making change from a given amount of currency into a specific number of coins and bills of varying denominations.
aspnet-compiler null
oidc null
abac an access control method based on attributes that are used inside policies and rules to express access control logic.
ncover the original `.NET` code coverage tool
inequality mathematical statements involving an order relation between two quantities, such as 'a is less than b' or 'a is greater than or equal to b'
google-play-console null
mysql-slow-query-log a log of SQL statements that took more than `long_query_time` seconds to execute that are automatically saved to mysql.slow_query_log table or an output file
liferay-6.2 6.2 - A lot more information is available in the main liferay tag.
lightswitch-2012 a rapid application development tool for creating data centric Silverlight and HTML applications.
leap-year a year containing one additional day.
left-recursion A special kind of recursion, defined through a particular grammar property: grammar is left-recursive if we can find some non-terminal A which will eventually derive a sentential form with itself as t…
isr Interrupt Service Routine, also known as Interrupt Handler, is a callback subroutine in microcontroller firmware, operating system or device driver whose execution is triggered by the reception of an …
javers a lightweight java library for auditing changes in your data.
cakedc CakeDC refers to a series of open source plugins for the CakePHP framework such as CakeDC Users, CakeDC Search, CakeDC Ratings, CakeDC Tags, CakeDC Migrations, CakeDC Imagine, CakeDC Comments and more
character-arrays null
bootstrap-selectpicker null
debian-jessie null
cyclic null
sharepointdocumentlibrary a place on a SharePoint site where users can create, collect, and update files with others
angularjs-rootscope Every application has a single root scope
android-runtime an Android runtime which was made available in Android 4.4 and is the default runtime in Android from 5.0 onward, superseding the Dalvik runtime
asp.net-charts Chart controls enable you to create ASP.NET pages or Windows Forms applications with simple, intuitive, and visually compelling charts for complex statistical or financial analysis.
android.mk written to describe your sources to the build system.
builtin functions available for use in a given programming language whose implementation is handled specially by the compiler.
buildr A build tool for Java, Scala, Groovy, and other JVM-based projects.
alu ALU stands for Arithmetic logic unit that performs arithmetic and logical operations for computer systems.
coderush a Productivity tool by DevExpress that extends the functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2010, 2012 and 2013.
bitcoind a program that implements the Bitcoin protocol for command line and remote procedure call use.
chdir a command to change the working directory
certificate-authority In cryptography, a certificate authority or certification authority is an entity that issues digital certificates.
client-side-scripting Client-side scripting generally refers to the class of computer programs on the web that are executed client-side, by the user's web browser, instead of server-side
leading-zero null
keras-2 null
kendo-window a Kendo widget that displays content in a modal or non-modal HTML window.
malformed null
microsoft-r an distribution of R from Microsoft Corporation
infusionsoft sales and marketing automation software that combines CRM, email marketing and e-commerce.
fast-enumeration An Objective-C language feature which offers more concise enumeration code with better performance than other options
binary-operators for questions that have to do with operators that are identified as binary operators, i.e
lr grammars that can be parsed bottom-up from the left-to-right, producing a rightmost derivation, using k tokens of lookahead
android-kernel Core component of Android OS that bridges between applications and the actual data processing done at the hardware level
timetable null
exslt an extension library for XSLT
google-location-services The google specific api of location-services, which is used to determine your approximate location
uicomponents null
convergence null
brainfuck an esoteric, Turing-complete programming language famous for its minimalistic, eight-character syntax.
mongodb-csharp-2.0 Version 2.0 of the C# driver for MongoDB.
drools-fusion Drools Fusion – provides for complex event processing
response-time null
sybase-asa an RDBMS by SAP, that runs as an embedded database
zsh-completion Questions about command completion in the zsh Unix shell.
intel-pin a dynamic binary instrumentation framework for the IA-32 and x86-64 instruction-set architectures that enables the creation of dynamic program analysis tools.
pugixml Light-weight, simple and fast XML parser for C++ with XPath support
regional-settings used for settings related to the cultural adaptation of displayed data
blank-line Blank-Line refers to any existence of an empty line of data or the creation of an empty line on a form created by the *enter* or *return* keys.
x3dom a js webgl dom that provides inlining of x3d data right in the browser using webgl
x11-forwarding X11 forwarding means tunneling traffic of X server and X client through a secure channel to avoid anyone from intercepting the traffic
data-loss null
qtconcurrent a Qt framework namespace providing high-level multithreading APIs.
nexmo Nexmo provides innovative cloud communication messaging and voice APIs that enable applications and enterprises to connect to their customers via voice and SMS.
python-mode a vim plugin that helps you to create python code very quickly by utilizing libraries including pylint, rope, pydoc, pyflakes, pep8, and mccabe for features like static analysis, refact…
ppp The Point-to-Point protocol enables packet-based communication over a serial interface.
quartz-composer a node-based visual programming language freely available to registered Apple developers for realtime processing and rendering animated 2D and 3D graphics with JavaScript scripting.
python-ldap python-ldap provides an object-oriented API to access LDAP directory servers from Python programs
r-mice Multiple imputation using Fully Conditional Specification implemented by the MICE algorithm
server-side-scripting a web server technology in which a user's request is verified by running a script directly on the web server to generate dynamic web pages
table-per-type An inheritance model used by Entity Framework, one of Microsoft's ORM technologies
subgrid null
swfloader used to load application into another application.
skemitternode a node that automatically creates and renders small particle sprites
windows-xp-sp3 Windows XP Service Pack 3 was released to manufacturing on April 21, 2008, and to the public via both the Microsoft Download Center and Windows Update on May 6, 2008.
uint used to store the equivalent of a mathematical non-negative integer
trimming a string manipulation in which leading and trailing whitespace is removed from a string.
trailing characters at the end of a string that should be removed for reason
uint64 a datatype that represents an unsigned integer and is coded on 64 bits in memory.
uipicker DO NOT USE
ucwa a RESTful API used to interact with Lync 2013 features
winlogon the component of Microsoft Windows operating systems that is responsible for handling the secure attention sequence.
wcag2.0 Recommendation from the W3C, which explains to developers and authors how to make Web content accessible to people with disabilities.
sim900 a complete Quad-band GSM/GPRS solution in a SMT module which can be embedded in the customer applications.
tdbgrid a VCL control used to display and manipulate records from a TDataset in a tabular fashioned way
satellite A natural or artificial object orbiting near a bigger object
query-cache the cache, that stores the database queries and their results.
realm-list null
reuseidentifier In the Cocoa Touch platform, reuse identifiers are string values, supplied by the programmer, that define pools of similar view objects in for use with UITableView, UICollectionView, or MKMapView.
resource-cleanup null
pipelining a set of data processing elements connected in series, where the output of one element is the input of the next one.
apns-php A full set of open source PHP classes to interact with the Apple Push Notification service for the iPhone, iPad and the iPod Touch.
ipdb IPython-interface to pdb
amazon-fire-tv Android based TV Set Top Box devices
xbuild the Mono specific version of the MSBuild utility.
angular4 To be used strictly for questions about using **new** features in Angular 4.x.x or questions in regards to backward compatibility to earlier versions of Angular
mule-esb Mule, the runtime engine of Anypoint Platform, is a lightweight Java-based enterprise service bus and integration platform that allows developers to connect applications together quickly and eas…
cosmicmind Used for CosmicMind projects - Material, Graph, Algorithm, and Motion.
int32 a datatype that represents an integer and is coded on 32 bits in memory.
jmstemplate Spring helper class that simplifies synchronous JMS access code
jmeter-3.2 for questions specific to Apache Jmeter 3.2, released on 14 April 2017
jmap A Hotspot JVM command-line utility that prints memory-related statistics for a running JVM or core file.
chicken-scheme a compiler for the Scheme programming language.
rvm-capistrano Ruby's gem RVM Capistrano
before-save executed after validating an object but before writing it to the database.
minmax apparently is used as a synonym for , which seems more appropriate and is better maintained; I would suggest introduction of a tag synonym.
file-put-contents a PHP function which writes a string to a file.
live-templates Available in most JetBrains IDEs, live templates let you insert frequently used or custom code constructs into your source code file quickly, efficiently, and accurately
nuget-spec a command on the nuget executable
null-terminated A string that ends with a byte, as used by the C language
system.web a namespace of the .NET framework
jquery-data jQuery `.data` can store arbitrary data associated with the matched elements or return the value at the named data store for the first element in the set of matched elements.
plasticscm a Distributed Version Control System focused on visualization, usability and enterprise support
dvd an optical disc storage format
visual-glitch used for problems in the implementation of GUI behavior.
sonarqube-5.0 the SonarQube 5.0.x specific tag
findwindow a Win32 API function from user32.dll retrieving a handle to the top-level window whose class name and window name match the specified strings.
functools a module for the Python language which provides support for working with higher-order functions: functions that act on or return other functions
equivalence a relationship in which two or more identifiers are abstractions for the same data structure.
helm Emacs incremental completion and selection narrowing framework
mkmapviewdelegate a protocol that describes events originating from an MKMapView.
monoids a set that is closed under an associative binary operation and has an identity element I ∈ Such that for all a ∈ S, Ia = aI = a
nested-form-for Rails plugin to conveniently handle multiple models in a single form.
javascript-intellisense IntelliSense helps you write code faster and with fewer errors by providing information while you code.
journal null
cartesian-coordinates A Cartesian coordinate system specifies each point uniquely in a plane by a pair of numerical coordinates
codeigniter-hmvc CodeIgniter library for creating modular extensions.
directadmin a popular web hosting control panel
kendo-multiselect A multiselect component of Kendo UI framework.
alamofireimage an image component library for Alamofire.
.when a jQuery function for executing a function when the included AJAX request have been completed
360-degrees Anything pertaining to computer-graphics techniques used to build a 360-degree panoramic image and related tools.
2checkout 2Checkout simplifies your checkout process by bundling the merchant account and payment gateway, offering international options, and a branded experience while maintaining the highest level of securit…
argb a color code used by many languages, and stands for Alpha, Red, Green, Blue.
angularjs-validation AngularJS validation patterns, syntax and properties
mercurial-hook a mechanism to customize and extend functionalities of the Mercurial DVCS.
rootview In view based mobile application rootview provides interface between window and otherview.
dpdk a collection of libraries for fast network packet processing on Linux
django-syncdb a command which creates the database tables for all apps in `INSTALLED_APPS` whose tables have not already been created.
debuggervisualizer components of the IDE debugger user interface that displays a variable or object in a manner that is appropriate to its data type.
biztalk-mapper A component of Microsoft BizTalk Server allowing the creation of maps in a graphical environment
cider an Emacs package for interactive Clojure development.
coap an application protocol designed for constrained devices, designed to easily translate to HTTP.
pointer-to-pointer variables themselves, so a pointer that points to another pointer is a pointer to pointer
javascript-namespaces JavaScript namespaces provide a level of direction to specific identifiers, thus making it possible to distinguish between identifiers with the same exact name.
lighttable a multi-platform interactive IDE that lets you modify running programs.
notificationcenter an interface designed by Apple that allows users to easily view notifications from all applications in one view
input-type-file HTML input control for uploading files `<input type= />`
form-fields null
fadeto Adjust the opacity of the matched elements.
visual-studio-2010-beta-2 null
external-tables To be used for External tables
geom-text the geometric object description for creating text-labels in a plot in `ggplot2`
topmost a universal term describing the object that is displayed on top of the others
dm-script A scripting-language used within the DigitalMicrograph software.
prettify A JavaScript module and CSS file that allows syntax highlighting of source code snippets in an HTML page.
mongo-cxx-driver Officially supported C++ driver for MongoDB
opennetcf a provider of libraries and tools commonly used in .NET Compact Framework applications for Windows CE and Windows Mobile
open-basedir Setting in PHP.INI limiting whether PHP can access files outside of the specified directory tree.
persistent-connection HTTP persistent connection, also called HTTP keep-alive, or HTTP connection reuse, is the idea of using a single TCP connection to send and receive multiple HTTP requests/responses, as opposed to open…
peek Refers to a non-destructive operation performed on sequential, collection-like data structures that have the notion of , such as stacks, queues and streams
parallel-foreach a library in R which allows for easy parallel processing
angular2-meteor an angular2 component which acts as the bridge between angular2 and meteor
process-management the ensemble of activities of planning and monitoring the performance of a process
overlays null
onconfigurationchanged null
optional-arguments an argument which can be omitted, eventually being replaced by a default value, where an argument is an actual value passed to a function, procedure, or command line program.
reentrantlock a Java mutex class.
rpostgresql An R interface to the PostgreSQL database system
rpath an option used with the runtime linker to insert an RPATH header in either binaries or shared libraries
templatetags a symbol within a template that does something
tibble tibble could refer to an R class , which is an improved data frame with stricter checking and better formatting
tchar A #define for either char or wchar_t, used for porting ancient windows applications
socialshare For questions relating to the SocialSharing plugin.
sqoop2 null
windows-8.1-universal Windows 8.1 Universal Store Apps
validationrules a criterion used in the process of data validation, after the data has been encoded onto an input medium
versionone Ask questions related to integrating with VersionOne
truthtable a mathematical table used in logic—specifically in connection with Boolean algebra, boolean functions, and propositional calculus—to compute the functional values of logical expressio…
tmx the file format produced by the Tiled Map Editor.
tns An proprietary Oracle networking technology that provides connectivity to Oracle databases
treeviewer null
ubuntu-12.10 The October 2012 version of the Ubuntu Linux Operating System
variable-expansion Evaluating or expanding a variable to get its value
volt the template engine of Phalcon PHP.
word-automation controlling Word using other programs without any human interaction.
runspace In the context of using PowerShell commands with managed code a runspace is the operating environment for the commands invoked by the host application.
readprocessmemory null
oracle-pro-c an embedded SQL pre-processor used by Oracle Database database management systems.
oclazyload for ocLazyLoad, a solution for lazy loading with AngularJS.
outlook-2016 a version of the Microsoft Office productivity suite, succeeding both Office 2013 and Office for Mac 2011
printstream null
psych An R package for analysing personality, psychometrics and experimental psychology
proc-open null
disruptor-pattern a pattern used to perform around 6-8 million transactions per second.
angular2-modules null
codebase used in software development to mean the whole collection of source code used to build a particular application or component.
fts3 SQLite virtual table modules that allow users to perform full-text searches on a set of documents.
database-metadata
launchimage displayed while an iOS app is loading
yahoo-mail The Yahoo mail system.
xero-api For questions about the API of Xero, the cloud-based accounting application for small and medium businesses.
next.js a minimalistic framework for server-rendered React applications.
transitive-dependency A transitive dependency refers to a code path or datasource which has an indirect dependency, such as an object, function, record, or file.
pdftron for questions regarding any PDFTron product that does not have its own tag.
google-authenticator an open-sourced application, created by Google and designed to support creation of one-time-passwords based on time or on number of intervals…
pgm a grayscale image format used by the Netpbm library and other graphics software.
openblas Questions regarding OpenBLAS, an open source library that implements BLAS API and has hand-crafted optimizations for specific processor types.
openbravo the web-based ERP solution for SMB.
zipkin an open source distributed tracing system created by Twitter.
symbol-table a data structure that maps each identifier in a program's source code to information relating to its declaration or appearance in the source.
simulated-annealing a generic probabilistic metaheuristic for the global optimization problem of locating a good approximation to the global optimum of a given function in a large search space…
wchar a header file in the C standard library
jco the short-cut for java connector
hacklang a open source programming language that reconciles the fast development cycle of PHP with the discipline provided by static typing, while adding many features commonly found in other modern pr…
jqmodal a jQuery plugin that helps to display popups, notices, dialogs, and modal windows in a web browser
kie-workbench A kind of Web IDE for Drools, CEP, Optaplanner
mailing-list null
inputaccessoryview Extra buttons beyond the ones provided by the default iPhone keyboard interface
dotconnect an enhanced database connectivity solution built over ADO.NET architecture and a development framework with a number of innovative technologies.
fiware-wirecloud Widgets Container and Mashup edition tools for composing end-user centric mashup applications developed as part of the FI-WARE platform.
frequency-distribution an arrangement of the values that one or more variables take in a sample
dynamicobject A Microsoft .NET Framework base class for specifying dynamic behavior at run time.
ifs a variable in Unix shells ) that controls how unescaped substitutions are split into words.
google-photos The new photos app allows you to choose photos and videos from your device
gwt-celltable A GWT cell table provides high-performance rendering of large data sets in a tabular view.
gunzip The gzip program compresses and decompresses files using Lempel-Ziv coding .
nsfilehandle an object-oriented wrapper for a file descriptor
nsurlprotocol an abstract class that provides the basic structure for performing protocol-specific loading of URL data.
liferay-velocity mostly used to either 1)Create web content in liferay in conjunction with structures to parse user populated data from structure fields and present it in a view form,using the business logic…
listagg The LISTAGG analytic function was introduced in Oracle 11g Release 2, making it very easy to aggregate strings
key-pair Public-key cryptography, or asymmetric cryptography, is any cryptographic system that uses pairs of keys: public keys that may be disseminated widely paired with private keys which are known only to t…
laravel-excel Import and export Excel and CSV files in Laravel
jpcap a Java Library which enables you to Send and capture Packets.
jsctypes a foreign-function library for privileged JavaScript in mozilla based applications such as Firefox, Thunderbird or Seamonkey
bsod The Blue Screen of Death is the error screen displayed by the Microsoft Windows family of operating systems upon encountering a critical error, of a non-…
dart-js-interop Dart js-interop packages provides access to the Javascript objects.
dollar-sign Anything related to the dollar symbol `$` and its special meanings in programming
django-1.3 a version of the Django framework, released in March 2011
completion null
curves null
rollapply a function in the zoo package used to perform rolling operations on an object.
always-on-top Anything related to the property of windows in a graphic user interface
custom-tags user-defined JSP language elements that encapsulate recurring tasks
suppress null
kartik-v null
elapsedtime occurring.
aliasing Distortion caused in analog-to-digital conversion by a too low rate of data sampling.
adventure exploration games which accept input from the player as typed commands like
activity-indicator null
build-dependencies null
merge-module Merge modules provide a standard method by which developers deliver shared Windows Installer components and setup logic to their applications
qvariant a data type in Qt library, that acts as a for most of the common Qt data types.
compiled null
dojox.mobile null
biztalk2006r2 Microsoft’s Integration and connectivity server solution
midl MIDL is a text-based interface description language by Microsoft, based on the DCE/RPC IDL which it extends for use with the Microsoft Component Object Model.…
initialization-list used to initialise class members in other than default manner
enunciate an engine for dramatically enhancing your Java Web service API.
forex The foreign exchange market is a form of exchange for the global decentralized trading of international currencies.
spelling For questions regarding the implementation of spell-checking mechanisms.
git-status Shows which files in a Git repository have been modified and/or staged and what state they are in since the last commit
libjingle a collection of open-source C++ code and sample applications that enables you to build a peer-to-peer application.
php-password-hash Password hashing API to simplify creating and managing passwords in a way that they cannot be easily reversed
iequatable Interface, which defines a generalized method that a value type or class implements to create a type-specific method for determining equality of instances.
uialertaction UIAlertAction object represents an action that can be taken when tapping a button in an alert
unity-networking Unity 5.1 introduced a new framework to handle client+server networking, also known as UNet.
autodoc Extension for the Sphinx documentation generator that imports Python modules in order to extract docstrings in a semi-automatic way.
braces The symbols , commonly used in programming languages
bcc a copy of an email message sent to a recipient whose email address does not appear in the message.
jdb a simple command-line debugger for Java classes.
drupal-hooks PHP functions used to interact with the Drupal API.
rxandroidble a library wrapping the native Android Bluetooth Low Energy API based on RxJava
angularjs-compile Compiles an HTML string or DOM into a template and produces a template function, which can then be used to link scope and the template together.
uptime a Unix command which tells how long the system has been running.
map-directions null
markup-extensions a XAML technique for obtaining a value that is neither a primitive nor a specific XAML type
python-webbrowser Python module that allows the use to load web content with available browsers.
rajawali a 3D engine for Android based on OpenGL ES 2.0/3.0
servo Programming questions related to controlling a servo motor through programming.
iphone-sdk-3.2 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.2.
windowsformshost null
angular-validation null
xfa XFA stands for XML Forms Architecture, a family of proprietary XML specifications that was suggested and developed by JetForm to enhance the processing of web forms
jsr223 the Java Specification Request for a common scripting engine abstraction layer.
launchmode null
static-block a normal block of code enclosed in braces, { }, and preceded by the static keyword.
createuserwizard null
backup-strategies null
clos Common Lisp Object System
code-design null
inventory-management the process of efficiently overseeing the constant flow of units into and out of an existing inventory.
python-curses The Python curses module provides an interface to the curses library, the de-facto standard for portable advanced terminal handling.
rabbitmqctl command line tool for managing a RabbitMQ broker
sfguard a Symfony plugin that implements a user management and login system for an application
transactionmanager the part of an application that is responsible for coordinating transactions across one or more resources.
symfony-security a standalone library that can be used outside of Symfony2 projects.
swift-package-manager a build tool and dependency manager for projects written in Swift
subtree null
stochastic a system which state depends or some random elements making its behavior non-deterministic
targeting to make a thing or group a target, to select it or them to be acted upon
textmate2 now open sourced on Github.
soil a lightweight image loading library for for C++ and C that is cross-platform.
skia a complete C++ 2D graphics library for drawing text, geometries, and images.
simple.data a lightweight framework that uses the dynamic features of .NET 4 to provide an expressive, ORM-ish way of accessing and manipulating data without any of the code pre-generation and boil…
signed-applet A privileged applet signed by the digital certificate
tilemill a tool for cartographers to quickly and easily design maps for the web using custom data.
ticket-system used to keep track of workflow items, typically for support, bug fixes and implementation of new features.
word-boundary the regular expression construct that denotes a word boundary which indicates a pointer position that is ahead of and behind a word character and a non-word character or the ot…
select-menu a jQuery UI plugin which allows replacing the browser's standard `<select>` drop-down with a fully stylable interface.
python-jira a python library created to use with REST APIs provided by JIRA.
remote-validation the ability to call a custom server-side validation method via the client-side.
promisekit Objective-C Promises implementation
principal for questions related to a principal programming principle.
poppler a GPL'd PDF rendering library based on the xpdf-3.0 code base.
parse-tree A parse tree is an ordered, rooted tree that represents the syntactic structure of a string according to some context-free grammar.
octobercms-plugins the foundation for adding new features to OctoberCMS by extending it.
datarepeater used to display a repeated list of items that are bound to the control.
discourse the 100% open source discussion platform built for the next decade of the Internet
qsqltablemodel used in the Qt framework to provide an editable data model for a single database table.
comobject null
cloneable null
lcs a problem in search optimization: Given two strings, find the common subsequence in given strings with maximum length
reinstall null
jspdf-autotable an extension for the popular jsPDF library which adds useful functionality for exporting tables in PDF format
xcode9.2 the latest release of Xcode Tool
w3-total-cache a plugin for WordPress content management system, this plugin improves the user experience of the site by increasing website performance, reducing download times via features like co…
htc-android For programming questions specific to hardware developed by HTC that runs the Android operating system.
pander a Pandoc writer in R.
cortana-intelligence Microsoft's Cortana Analytics Suit - A fully managed big data and advanced analytics suite that enables you to transform your data into intelligent action.
urlparse used for parsing a URL into components like
maven-javadoc-plugin The Maven Javadoc Plugin uses the Javadoc tool to generate javadocs for the specified project.
application-shutdown A graceful termination of the application, either in response to some input or by internal logic
jdesktoppane In Java Swing application, a JDescktopPane is a container used to create a multiple-document interface or a virtual desktop.
object-pooling a software creational design pattern that uses a set of initialized objects kept ready to use – a – rather than allocating and destroying them on demand.
monaco-editor the JavaScript based text editing portion of VSCode extracted out into standalone library.
mongodb-replica-set MongoDB's replica set uses redundant nodes to provide a high availability and resilience against network partitions of the primary node.
lnk2001 a common Visual Studio linker error condition indicating that the linker is unable to locate or find the symbol being referenced
sql-limit SQL clause to limit number of returned rows
dbd a common prefix for all perl modules used as database drivers by the DBI module
nowjs a framework built on top of Node.js, a Javascript server technology.
nsbezierpath a class responsible for constructing and drawing paths in Cocoa.
facebook-sdk-3.1 a full Guide about this new facebook-sdk-3.1 https://developers.facebook.com/docs/ios there is also example code of sample.
geokit A Ruby on Rails gem that provides geocoding and distance calculations.
smp Symmetric multiprocessing
asplinkbutton an ASP.NET control that displays a hyperlink-style button control on a Web page.
assembla a company that provides cloud-based tools to organize and manage open-source and commercial software development.
asp.net-web-api-odata null
android-shape a generic shape defined in XML.
nomenclature a term that applies to either a list of names or terms, or to the system of principles, procedures and terms related to naming.
slimerjs a scriptable browser, aiming to keep the same API as PhantomJS, but built on top of Gecko instead of on top of WebKit.
absolutelayout Deprecated Android layout that lets you specify exact locations of its children views.
abpeoplepickerview The ABPeoplePickerView class allows you to customize the behavior of people-picker views in an application’s user interface.
8bit In computer architecture, 8-bit integers, memory addresses, or other data units are those that are at most 8 bits wide
should.js an expressive, readable, test framework agnostic, assertion library for node.
aws-devicefarm AWS Device Farm helps you to improve the quality of your iOS, Android, and web applications by testing them against real phones and tablets in the AWS Cloud.
aws-php-sdk Amazon Web Services SDK for PHP
jsgrid a lightweight client-side data grid control based on jQuery
juce a cross-platform GUI library written in C++
jquery-inputmask a jquery plugin which create an input mask
jigsaw Project Jigsaw aims to design and implement a standard module system for the Java SE platform
laravel-dusk Laravel Dusk provides an expressive, easy-to-use browser automation and testing API
laravel-cashier A Laravel package that provides an expressive, fluent interface to Stripe's subscription billing services.
loaded null
linq-to-excel Retrieve data from spreadsheets and csv files by using LINQ
lync-client-sdk Questions about the managed-code client-side APIs for managing and extending Microsoft's Unified Communications Lync Client and the UI controls for adding Lync features to Windows Presentation …
busboy A streaming parser for HTML form data for Node.js
cakephp-3.4 Questions about the 3.4.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
calendarextender an AJAX control popping a calendar upon user click on the target control.
c3 a Javascript library that uses D3.js to create reusable charts.
ceil A function common to many programming languages that returns the next integer value by rounding the value up if necessary.
dataform null
dcm4che an open source collection of applications for digital medical imaging.
diagramming a process used to create and edit diagrams
valence Desire2Learn’s extensibility technology and it includes all the APIs and tools that developers use to create valuable, integrated solutions for their customers.
kaltura an open source VPaaS
adafruit an open-source hardware company founded by Limor Fried in 2005.
acceleo a code generator transforming models into code
angular-moment AngularJS directive and filters for Moment.js
kendo-datepicker Represents the Kendo UI DatePicker widget
gcc4.7 Version 4.7 of GCC
custom-function null
devexpress-wpf Used for questions relating to the DevExpress WPF control library
ember-model a simple and lightweight model library for Ember.
crystal-reports-8.5 a reporting tool released in 2001 by Crystal Decisions.
c++builder-6 The 2002 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
bootstrap-carousel A slideshow component for cycling through elements, like a carousel
levelplot a command in the `lattice` graphics package for `r` that displays three dimensional data using a false-color gradient.
ios10.3 null
maven-resources-plugin The Maven Resources Plugin handles the copying of project resources to the output directory.
monkey a program that runs on an Android emulator or device and generates pseudo-random streams of user events such as clicks, touches, or gestures, as well as a number of system-level events
multiple-languages to specify that a question being asked can apply to multiple programming languages, and has no specific language to be directly associated with it.
fixture Fixed state for software under test, also known as text context
exp The Exponential - aka exp function
economics the social science that analyzes the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services
instance-methods null
google-services-json null
aws-rds Amazon Relational Database Service
sieve a type of algorithm used e.g
dynamicform Questions about dynamic HTML forms, e.g
mobilefirst-cli The IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation command-line interface tool allows to easily create and manage both native and hybrid apps.
cbc-mode cipher block chaining.
touchpad null
scaladoc a documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Scala source code and generates compiled documentation
universal-binary an executable file or application bundle that runs natively on either PowerPC or Intel-manufactured IA-32 or Intel 64-based Macintosh computers
unique-id Anything related to the generation and management of unique identifiers, i.e
spring-statemachine a framework for application developers to use state machine concepts with Spring applications.
idictionary System.Collections.IDictionary and System.Collections.Generic.IDictionary<TKey, TValue> interfaces in the BCL of the .NET framework represent a collection of key-value pairs.
easynetq a simple to use, opinionated, .NET API for RabbitMQ.
tt-news a TYPO3 extension displaying news or articles.
angularjs-injector used to retrieve object instances as defined by provider, instantiate types, invoke methods, and load modules.
angularjs-ng-init In AngularJS, the ngInit directive allows you to evaluate an expression in the current scope.
jlayer a decorator for Java Swing components, often used for for painting over and catching events from subcomponents in the Swing framework.
android-beam a feature introduced in Ice Cream Sandwich that allows a device to push an NDEF message or larger files onto another device by physically tapping the devices together
tess-two A fork of Tesseract Tools for Android that adds some additional functions
purge null
attachedbehaviors null
autodesk-model-derivative The Model Derivative API enables users to represent and share their designs in different formats, as well as to extract valuable metadata
yii1.x Old version of PHP framework Yii.
background-audio Refers to the process of playing audio files in a background agent
liipimaginebundle Symfony2 Bundle to assist in imagine manipulation using the imagine library
dispatchevent null
disparity-mapping null
pchart an object oriented PHP charting library.
raw-data a term for data collected from a source that has not been subjected to processing or any other manipulation, and are also referred to as primary data.
sql-server-data-tools SQL Server Data Tools introduces an ubiquitous, declarative model that spans all the phases of database development and maintenance/update inside Visual Studio
spry a JavaScript framework created by Adobe
systemtime In computer science and computer programming, system time represents a computer system's notion of the passing of time.
sys-refcursor A predefined Oracle cursor variable type.
stripe.net a full service .net api for http://stripe.com.
starteam a combined version control system and defect tracking solution made by Borland
shinobi a provider of iOS and Android components.
weebly a web-hosting service that allows the user to while using their website builder.
vichuploaderbundle A simple Symfony2 bundle to ease file uploads with ORM entities, MongoDB ODM documents, PHPCR ODM documents or Propel models.
video-conferencing Questions related to video conferencing
two-way Refers to a procedure, a function, or a case where the data has two sides.
unhandled tag used for unhandled error or Exception thrown by code
realm-migration a databasing system for iOS and Android mobile applications
renderaction an ASP.NET MVC helper method, available starting in the 2nd version, that calls from a view and outputs the results of the action in place within the view.
reset-password refers to the process of setting a password on a system back to an original value.
oracle-aq Oracle Advanced Queuing provides database-integrated message queuing functionality.
qt5.6 the LTS version of Qt released March 16, 2016
invalid-characters null
wso2ei can be used with the all the WSO2 Enterprise Integrator related issues.
redis-cluster Redis Cluster provides a way to run a Redis installation where data is automatically sharded across multiple Redis nodes.
mapped-drive Association of a drive letter with a remote storage in Microsoft Windows and OS/2
type-punning The process of reinterpreting an object of some data type as an object of some other data type
angularjs-1.6 Represents questions specific to AngularJS 1.6
google-url-shortener a service that takes long URLs and squeezes them into fewer characters to make a link that is easier to share, tweet, or email to friends.
pgpool a middleware between PostgreSQL servers and clients for connection pooling, replication and load balancing
hiddenfield null
ansible-facts for questions regarding Ansible facts - values discovered by the setup module of Ansible or pulled from ohai/facter.
boost-iostreams a C++ framework for defining streams, stream buffers and I/O filters.
xml.etree a part of python's `xml` package, that provides a simple and lightweight `ElementTree` API.
connection-refused Message received for different reasons when trying unsuccessfully to connect to a server.
ia-32 Short for
webresponse null
kmdf the software installed on the computer that communicates with the hardware to make the device function.
magick++ the object-oriented C++ API to the ImageMagick image-processing library, the most comprehensive open-source image processing package available.
jquery-easing A jQuery plugin to give advanced easing options.
dbvisualizer a popular database tool by DbVis Software AB
auto-renewing null
phpexcelreader PHP Library for read Excel files
class-members refers to members of a class in object-oriented language
collectionfs a suite of Meteor packages that together provide a complete file management solution including uploading, downloading, storage, synchronization, manipulation, and copying
md-autocomplete a special input component with a drop-down of all possible matches to a custom query
showmodaldialog A deprecated way for creating and displaying a modal dialog box containing a specified HTML document.
binaries sometimes called
geronimo Apache Geronimo - open source JEE5 / JEE6 complaint java server.
helix-3d-toolkit a collection of custom controls and helper classes for WPF.
ecma262 a Standard defining the ECMAScript scripting language also known as JavaScript.
execv int execv; Like all of the exec functions, execv replaces the calling process image with a new process image
fflush used to synchronize the stream on which it is invoked with the actual content of the corresponding file
muse a product by Adobe Systems
mutability property of any function, variable or expression whose values are subject to changes with
networkcredentials Part of Microsoft's .NET Framework that provides a base class for supplying credentials for password based authentication schemes such as basic, digest, NTLM or Kerberos.
morelikethis Apache Lucene functionality which provides information about similar documents
koa2 For questions related to the second generation of the Koa web framework for Node.js, whose middleware function signature changes from use of generators to async/await.
mainwindow null
linq-group null
cakephp-2.6 a php framework to building web applications simpler, faster and require less code
boo an object oriented, statically typed programming language for the Common Language Infrastructure, with a Python-inspired syntax and a special focus on language and compiler extensibility.
bootsfaces Next gen JSF Framework that takes the best from Bootstrap 3 and jQuery UI to let you develop Front-end Enterprise Applications fast and easy.
cmp a command line utility for computer systems that use Unix or a Unix-like operating system.It compares two files of any type and writes the results to the standard output
cordova-cli Cordova Command-Line Interface allows you to create new Cordova projects, build them on different platforms, and run on real devices or within emulators.
ember-cli-mirage a mock server that lets you easily mock a JSON API.
dexguard Commercial Android app obfuscator, by same developer as the better known ProGuard.
dlsym POSIX function for accessing code or data in a dynamically-loaded library using the code's name.
declarative-authorization The declarative authorization plugin offers an authorization mechanism for Ruby inspired by RBAC.
differentiation The process of finding a derivative.
mersenne-twister a pseudo-random number generator suitable for Monte-Carlo simulations
passkit an API aimed towards businesses and developers to help them create, distribute and manage coupons, tickets, store cards, membership cards and much more for Apple Passbook
ora-00904 Invalid column name
rome a set of RSS and Atom Utilities for Java that is open source under the Apache 2.0 license
android-runonuithread a way to run the specified action on the UI thread of Android framework.
apache-commons-config The Commons Configuration software library provides a generic configuration interface which enables a Java application to read configuration data from a variety of sources.
associativity Anything related to notational associativity of binary operators
accesscontrolexception An exception that occurs when trying to access an object for which you don't have the correct security authorization
cpu-cores null
bootcompleted one of the standard actions in Android OS that Intent defines for receiving broadcasts
komodoedit a multi-platform free and open-source code editor with support for PHP, Python, Ruby, JavaScript, Perl, Tcl, XML, HTML, CSS and more.
lettuce Lettuce can stand for two things: * a Behavior Driven Development tool for python: http://lettuce.it/ * a Redis client for Java: http://lettuce.io
java-stored-procedures A subroutine stored in a relational database system written in the Java programming language
jedi The JEDI project is a large open-source library of Windows API translations, visual and non-visual components, and other useful classes and libraries.
microsoft-web-deploy a tool to simplify the migration, management, and deployment of IIS Web servers, applications, and sites
envelope null
encodeuricomponent a core JavaScript function that escapes special characters in strings so that they can be safely used in URIs as components of query strings or hashes.
ingres for Ingres / Actian X questions
getresponse null
gnuradio-companion GNU Radio Companion is a graphical toolkit to design GNU Radio flowgraphs and whole signal processing algorithms.
hapi HAPI is an open-source, object-oriented HL7 2.x parser for Java.
splat The `*` operator as used in Ruby
wix-extension Extensions to the windows packaging software WiX, that's used to create msi installers.
globalplatform an association that publishes specifications aiming at standardizing deployment and management of multiple applications on secure chips.
time-t a Standard-C data type to hold the seconds since UNIX epoch, that since the 1.1.1970.
daydream a virtual reality platform developed by Google for Android Nougat, the seventh major version of the Android mobile operating system
unity3d-unet the native Unity3D network system.
mailitem an object that represents a mail message in Visual Basic for Applications
magit an Emacs mode for interacting with Git.
fortran2003 a major revision of Fortran 95 introducing many new features
fql.multiquery null
mpfr a C library for multiple-precision floating-point computations with correct rounding.
cons The fundamental operation for constructing data in LISP
xmi XML Metadata Interchange
swizzling Swizzling refers to the extraction, rearrangement, and possible duplication of elements of tuple types
mixer Anything related to audio mixers, i.e
uitableviewrowaction null
personalization Personalization involves using technology to accommodate the differences between individuals, such as greeting the user by name or varying content according to what you know about the user's interests…
actionmethod Action methods typically have a one-to-one mapping with user interactions
recycling null
pandas-datareader Up to date remote data access for pandas: http://pandas-datareader.readthedocs.org/en/latest/
iprincipal The System.Security.Principal.IPrincipal interface defines the basic functionality of a security object
xcode-6.2 Related to the specific version of the Apple's IDE, Xcode 6.2
zend-decorators null
comma-operator an operator that evaluates its left-hand side, discards the result, then evaluates to the right-hand side.
vcr a ruby tool that facilitates testing HTTP-dependent code by recording HTTP interactions for future playback.
angular2-cli null
azure-bot-service used for questions related to the Azure Bot Service: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/bot-service/
apk-expansion-files APK Expansion Files include additional data that is required for an Android App if the file size of the App is bigger than 50 MB
python-twitter A Python wrapper around the Twitter API
python-venv Many questions here will have to do with how to setup virtual development environments for Python using the venv command , the differences between venv and other common packages,…
popviewcontroller null
resize-image null
selectlistitem generate html <option> elements in a view associated with the ASP.NET MVC framework
satchmo an open source Python framework for e-commerce web applications--it is built on top of the Django project
uberjar a JAR file that contains both the package and all its dependencies in one single JAR file
twig-extension about custom type defined about Twig template PHP engine
waterfall an abstraction model for software design which translates requirements into lists of simple routines and arranges them in a sequence of phases based on dependencies.
weibull a probability distribution with applications in survival analysis, reliability engineering, failure analysis, industrial engineering, extreme value theory, weather forecast…
stringtemplate-4 a java template engine
subproject for questions related to a subproject, i.e
synchronizationcontext A .NET target to dispatch some work to
textile a lightweight markup language originally developed by Dean Allen and billed as a
spoon Tool to test Android apps with different hardware specifications by distributing instrumentation test and displaying the results in a meaningful way.
redux-framework A simple options framework for WordPress themes and plugins.
receipt-validation For questions concerning the validation of iOS in-app purchase receipts against Apple servers, a recommended means of app billing fraud protection.
phantom-dsl the reactive type safe Scala DSL For Apache Cassandra and Datastax Enterprise
powershell-v1.0 For issues relating to Windows PowerShell, version 1.0.
probability-theory the branch of mathematics concerned with distributions, expected values, maximum likelihoods, the description of variation
ocamlbuild a generic build tool, that has built-in rules for building OCaml library and programs.
django-manage.py django-manage.py refers to Django's command-line utility for common administrative tasks.
x12 the official designation of the U.S
command-line-parsing The process of parsing arguments provided to an executable program, typically specified as whitespace-delimited strings via a command line.
layoutsubviews a method that is called automatically during view size changes
iphone-softkeyboard the onscreen keyboard provided by Apple iOS.
parallel-extensions a managed concurrency library included in the .NET 4.0 release.
servlet-listeners The servlet listener interfaces that define the methods to be invoked in response to a desired event.
captions Refers to tasks related to managing captions for images or video
urlsession null
appsdk2 Technical questions about coding to Rally Software's second generation App SDK which is based on Sencha ExtJS
petrel Application intended to aggregate oil reservoir data from multiple sources
jmp JMP may refer to an x86 instruction that executes an unconditional jump, or to the statistics and data exploration software package.
ultrawingrid a component of the Infragistics NetAdvantage suite
anychart an HTML5 charting library.
livesearch null
listview-adapter null
livecharts a modern charting library for wpf and winforms, it consist in animated, MVVM oriented and easy to use charts
apiconnect an API lifecycle management platform
xpc a low level library that simplifies inter process communication on iOS and OS X.
multisampling null
universe an extended relational data server with easy-to-understand data modeling that uses XML-like data structures to allow developers to quickly create embedded solutions
derived-table a term in SQL for a set of records that result from one query that can be used in another query
derived-types subtypes or composite types
der Distinguished Encoding Rules certificate encoding is a method of turning ASN.1 attributes and values into a machine-friendly format.
tiny-tds a Ruby library to access Microsoft SQL Server databases using FreeTDS.
sleep-mode A condition of a computer or mobile device where it appears it is not on; the screen is not on and typically no sound is output.
sktexture an image that can be applied to SKSpriteNode objects or particles created by a SKEmitterNode object.
soapserver null
mdc a way to attach thread-scoped named identifier that can be added to every log message from that thread.
solr-query-syntax null
gitweb a Git repository web interface.
luarocks a deployment and management system for Lua modules.
dotfiles generally any file whose name begins with a full stop
binomial-coefficients the coefficient of the `x^k` term in the polynomial expansion of the binomial power `^n` which is `/`.
grunt-contrib-copy Copy files and folders.
grid-system a structure, with a very rich history used to align negative space in your design
git-conflict-resolution Questions about resolving merge conflicts in Git.
edsdk Canon's EOS Digital Camera SDK
drupal-rules a Drupal module that allows site administrators to define actions that are conditionally executed, either programmatically or in response to predetermined events
mathdotnet an opensource initiative to build and maintain toolkits covering fundamental mathematics, targetting advanced but also every day needs of .Net developers
mason a Perl-based templating system for generating dynamic HTML or other content.
modx-evolution null
oauth2client The oauth2client library makes it easy to connect to resources protected by
northwind A sample database used with Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and some versions of Microsoft Access.
normalizr a tool that normalizes deeply nested JSON API responses according to a schema for Flux and Redux apps
isa Interface between hardware and software
load-time-weaving loaded.
bidi short for and means text containing text in both text directionalities, both right-to-left and left-to-right
bellman-ford The Bellman–Ford algorithm computes single-source shortest paths in a weighted digraph
cartodb a cloud computing platform which provides mapping and visualization solutions for displaying custom geospatial data in a web browser.
cascade-classifier A particular case of Ensemble learning, which is based on the concatenation of several classifiers, using all information collected from the output from a given classifier as additional information fo…
busyindicator UI Component that displays some form of activity, via animation, progress bar, text status change or others, while a background operation is running, to notify the user of an indeterminate progress.
dart-io dart:io allows you to work with files, directories, sockets, processes, HTTP servers and clients, and more
dlna Digital Living Network Alliance creates guidelines for interoperability of multimedia devices.
dirent.h header file for POSIX C containing directory-related functions and types.
activity-stack Activities can open other activities
amr The Adaptive Multi-Rate audio codec or AMR for short is a patented audio data compression scheme optimized for speech coding.
assetbundle a collection of assets, packaged for loading at runtime
asyncore Python module providing basic infrastructure for writing asynchronous socket service clients and servers
angularjs-select2 Angular select2 directive allows you to enhance your select elements with behaviour from the select2 library.
dig dig performs DNS lookups and displays records matching the specified IP address or domain name.
cvxopt A Python package for convex optimization, including solvers for linear programming, quadratic programming, semidefinite programming and more.
suffix-array a data structure that represents the lexicographically sorted list of all suffixes of a string
buildconfiguration null
superview null
alwayson High-Availability and Disaster Recovery functionality, for SQL Server 2012 and later
assertj AssertJ provides a set of strongly-typed assertions to use for unit testing .
ash A shell written by Kenneth Almquist and released to the comp.sources.unix Usenet news group on May 30th 1989
activity-manager manages all of the top-level components running in them.
32feet a shared-source project to make personal area networking technologies such as Bluetooth, Infrared and more, easily accessible from .NET code.
dagger.android null
data-stream In Connection-oriented communication, a data stream is a sequence of digitally encoded coherent signals used to transmit or receive information that is in the process…
blogdown an R package for creating websites based on R Markdown and Hugo
bitblt BitBlt WinAPI function performs a bit-block transfer of the color data corresponding to a rectangle of pixels from the specified source device context into a destination device context.
libsodium a portable, cross-compilable, installable, packageable fork of the NaCl Cryptograpy & Networking library, with a compatible API.
jython-2.7 an open source implementation of the Python programming language written in Java.
jxa a host environment for JavaScript.
morse-code an early method of encoding alphanumeric text into an on-off signal with two lengths, a short pulse for dots and a longer pulse for dashes
mlogit a classification method that generalizes logistic regression to multiclass problems.
elasticsearch-jdbc-river The Java Database Connection river allows to fetch data from JDBC sources for indexing into Elasticsearch.
glx GLX provides the interface connecting OpenGL and the X Window System: it enables programs wishing to use OpenGL to do so within a window prov…
hmisc an R package of miscellaneous utility functions.
sorcery An authentication plugin for Rails 3 and 4, inspired by restful_authentication, Devise and Authlogic with a focus on minimalism.
cl a tool that controls the Microsoft C and C++ compilers and linker
phpredis A fast REDIS client library for PHP
slick-slider a slide carousel
scalac scalac - Compiler for the Scala 2 language
save-image null
automapper-3 AutoMapper uses a fluent configuration API to define an object-object mapping strategy.
kik Mobile web browser with built-in messaging APIs
apache-wink a simple yet solid framework for building RESTful Web services
file-search can refer to the process of searching a system for a specific file or the process of searching the contents of a file for specific keywords.
listings a source code printer for LATEX
filenet FileNet was a company that developed software in the area of Enterprise Content Management
imagemapster a jQuery plugin that lets you activate HTML image maps without using Flash
gio striving to provide a modern, easy-to-use VFS API that sits at the right level in the library stack, as well as other generally useful APIs for desktop applications
jcalendar a Java date chooser bean for selecting a date.
opencart-3 For OpenCart version 3.x OpenCart version 3.0.0 release on June 20th, 2017
strikethrough a typographic text decoration used to indicate cancelled words or sentences
maven-deploy-plugin primarily used during the deploy phase, to add your artifact to a remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects.
maven-cargo A Maven plugin that allows you to interact with common J2EE servers.
url-for a function present in web frameworks like Rails and Flask, used to get the URL for a given route.
capslock a lock key found on many computer keyboards, depending on the local keyboard layout they implement.
raid RAID is a technology that provides increased storage functions and reliability through redundancy.
parallel-port A now-obsolete bidirectional DB25-based I/O port.
finite-element-analysis Anything related to finite element analysis or finite element methods , i.e
law-of-demeter The Law of Demeter or Principle of Least Knowledge is a design guideline for developing software, particularly object-oriented programs
latin null
database-cleaner a set of strategies for cleaning your database in Ruby, primarily for testing purposes.
crossbar Crossbar.io unified application router
lalr a family of parsers that are often used in parser generators
haxeflixel an open source game engine that is completely free for personal or commercial use
xdomainrequest implemented in Internet Explorer 8–10 and can be used to do cross-domain asynchronous requests and it also has support for streaming the content.
xmlworker an add-on for iText®
x87 the legacy 80bit floating point subset of the x86 instruction set
xbox-one a video game console developed and manufactured by Microsoft
iomanip Anything related to C++ I/O manipulators, i.e
django-login django-login refers to django built-in auth system
reactive-streams a standard for asynchronous stream processing with non-blocking back pressure on the JVM
docker-windows null
office-2016 a version of the Microsoft Office productivity suite, succeeding both Office 2013 and Office for Mac 2011
openkinect Focused on the `libfreenect` library for Microsoft Kinect, enabling the Kinect to used with Windows, Linux and Mac.
opera-mini a proxy Web browser including a thin client available on most feature phones and smartphone, and servers doing the hard rendering work.
pcap.net a .NET wrapper for WinPcap written in C++/CLI and C#
out-parameters null
ppc not tag for that.
picking null
remove-if Common Lisp 'remove-if' function.
smart-device an electronic device, generally connected to other devices or networks via different wireless protocols such as Bluetooth, NFC, Wi-Fi, 3G, etc., that can operate to some extent inter…
text-decorations a CSS property to set the element's text formatting to underline, overline, line-through, or blink
string-substitution Substituting string excerpts via sed, awk and other utilities.
webshop null
usersettings refers to the custom settings put in place on an application by the user.
wap a subset of XHTML and a superset of XHTML Basic, used by mobile devices.
submatrix a matrix formed by selecting a subset of the rows and columns of one larger matrix
term-document-matrix A document-term matrix or term-document matrix is a mathematical matrix that describes the frequency of terms that occur in a collection of documents
template-deduction a compiler attempt to deduce template arguments when some are omitted.
tableau-online null
sql-agent SQL agent, also known as SQL server agent, is a Microsoft SQL server relational database management system background tool
squeel a for the Ruby programming language
rexml a conformant XML processor for the Ruby programming language
radtreeview a Silverlight and ASP.Net control by Telerik for displaying hierarchical data structures such as directory structures and relational data.
run-length-encoding a very simple form of data compression in which runs of data are stored as a sin…
scenegraph a general data structure commonly used by vector-based graphics editing applications and modern computer games, which arranges the logical and often spatial repr…
parity a bit that is added to ensure that the number of bits with the value one in a set of bits is even or odd
angular-schema-form an AngularJS module for generating forms from a spec that follows the JSON Schema IETF standard.
yandex a Russian Internet company which operates the largest search engine in Russia with about 60% market share in that country.
hawq for questions about Pivotal HAWQ, a SQL on Hadoop implementation
launchpad a unique collaboration and hosting platform for software projects.
locust a python load testing framework
loess Local regression - a form of non-parametric regression.
intel-ipp Questions related to Intel Integrated Performance Primitives , a multi-threaded library of functions for multimedia and data-processing applications.
windows-iot-core-10 for questions related specifically to Windows 10 IoT Core operating system
struts2-interceptors Classes invoked by the Struts 2 framework before and after an Action is executed.
pdf-form PDF can contain interactive forms that allow users to enter information to be stored in the PDF
maven-central The Official Maven Repository, hosted by Sonatype.
foreach-loop-container Questions about the SQL Server Integration Services
zpl-ii ZPL-II stands for the and is a proprietary programming language used to communicate to Zebra branded printers
array-key array-key refers to key portion of array holding key and value pair
singularitygs a Sass based semantic grid framework.
beeline null
kinect-v2 Kinect for Windows v2
uideviceorientation null
spring-retry Spring Retry provides an abstraction around retrying failed operations, with an emphasis on declarative control of the process and policy-based behaviour that is easy to extend and customize.
google-feed-api The Google Feed Javascript API lets you download any public Atom, RSS, or Media RSS feed using only JavaScript, so you can easily mash up feeds with your content and other APIs
autoresetevent An AutoResetEvent represents a local wait handle event that resets automatically when signaled, after releasing a single waiting thread
system-design the process of defining the architecture, components, modules, interfaces, and data for a system to satisfy specified requirements.
fact the central table in a Star or Snowflake schema of a data warehouse
git-workflow a guideline to branching and merging in git.
axiom a Java library developed by Apache that provides an XML object model implementation.
nativescript-telerik-ui related to the nativescript-pro-ui npm package plugin
hessian a simple binary protocol for connecting web services.
graphene-python a Python library for building APIs with GraphQL easily.
du a unix command to measure disk usage
flann FLANN – the Fast Library for Approximate Nearest Neighbors – is a collection of nearest-neighbor algorithms, and a meta-algorithm to select the best of them for a given dataset.
function-handle a mechanism provided to allow for indirect calling of a function
mod-expires an Apache module that deals with cache expiry headers.
mpvolumeview a class from MediaPlayer framework in iOS
mbaas MBaaS stands for mobile back-end as a service
methodinfo null
lgpl OFF TOPIC -- LGPL questions should be asked on opensource.stackexchange.com - The GNU Lesser General Public License is a weak copyleft free software license an…
krl KRL stands for Kinetic Rule Language
localserver Refers to issues related to running a local server .
lossless-compression a class of data compression algorithms that allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data.
interpreted-language Questions about interpreted languages and program interpretation in general
jts an open source API of 2D spatial predicates and functions written in Java.
biztalk-2013r2 For questions about Microsoft BizTalk Server 2013 R2.
bank null
dalli High performance memcached client for Ruby.
data-dictionary A Data Dictionary stores information about all user-defined objects in the database
advanced-search a search using specific parameters which allows to receive results that are more accurate
aes-gcm Galois/Counter mode of the Advanced Encryption Standard: A mode of operation of the AES block cipher which both encrypts and authenticates its input data.
angularjs-watch The AngularJS watch listener may change the model, which may trigger other listeners to fire
android-wallpaper Questions about or related to the wallpaper features of Android.
always-encrypted a feature of Microsoft SQL Server 2016 and Azure SQL Database, designed to protect sensitive data
dhtmlx-scheduler a web-based JavaScript events calendar that provides a rich and intuitive scheduling solution similar to Microsoft Outlook Calendar, Apple's iCal, or Google Calendar
angular-local-storage An AngularJS module that allows accessing the browser's local storage
apache-commons-vfs Apache Commons VFS provides a single API for accessing various different file systems.
aurelia-validation A validation plugin for Aurelia.
document-management Document management, often referred to as Document Management Systems , is the use of a computer system and software to store, manage and track electronic documents and electronic images of paper…
crx a commercial implementation of the JCR based on Apache Jackrabbit
cadisplaylink a timer object that allows your application to synchronize its drawing to the refresh rate of the display.
wic Windows Imaging Component
celeryd the common name of a Celery worker node, running as a daemon.
kombu an AMQP messaging framework for Python.
kony Kony provides a cross platform development environment targeting mobile platforms
nock an HTTP mocking and expectations library for Node.js
nsurlsessionuploadtask a subclass of NSURLSessionDataTask, which in turn is a concrete subclass of NSURLSessionTask
elasticsearch-query Elasticsearch provides a full Query DSL based on JSON to define queries
event-receiver null
installshield-2012 a software tool for creating installers or software packages
insertafter The jQuery .insertAfter insert every element in the set of matched elements after the target.
aws-kms an encryption and key management service scaled for the cloud
double-buffering A computer-graphics technique for updating a dynamic image that greatly reduces the visual artifacts, especially flicker, caused by the screen pixel being changed
computer-forensics Examining digital media in a forensically sound manner with the aim of identifying, preserving, recovering, analyzing and presenting facts and opinions about the information.
abc non-instantiable classes used to define the expected behaviour of subclasses.
dword a 32-bit unsigned integer
soundex an phonetic algorithm for indexing names based on their pronunciation in spoken English.
mediawiki-templates In MediaWiki, templates provide a way to include one page into other pages
auto-rotation null
multiple-projects Questions about the difficulties that can be faced while working on several projects at the same time.
apiary Next generation platform for building and using REST APIs.
stackframe Use stackframe for questions related to debugging unterminated function calls.
pre-signed-url null
addressing null
branding Branding software usually means customizing its appearance for a specific organization or theme.
nul the abbreviation for the null character in several character sets
flask-mongoengine a Flask extension that provides integration with MongoEngine.
gwt-mvp an implementation of the Model-View-Presenter pattern for GWT.
nspasteboard the Cocoa class representation for clipboard data, allowing information to be copied and pasted within and between programs
tango an open-source software library for D programming language.
matlab-engine a library to call MATLAB® software from standalone programs, for example written in C/C++ or Fortran.
google-api-js-client written by Google, this compact and efficient client library provides access to any of Google's RESTful APIs
redcarpet a Ruby library for Markdown processing
translate3d a CSS function to move the element in 3D space used with the transform CSS property
ramdisk a block of RAM that a computer's software is treating as if the memory were a disk drive
intellitrace a feature of Visual Studio Ultimate that enables application debugging using a historical execution log.
ngui an addon for Unity3D supporting developers to build enhanced UI systems like menus
setattr a Python built-in function used to set a named attribute on an object.
dask-distributed a lightweight library for distributed computing in Python
teamcity-7.0 Major release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 6.5
django-import-export a Django application and library for importing and exporting data with included admin integration
multicastsocket a bi-directional communications endpoint used for the sending of packets to multiple receivers via multicast or for receiving multicast packets.
animationdrawable create frame-by-frame animations in Android
amazon-elasticsearch a managed Elasticsearch offering as part of Amazon Web Services.
opengl-es-1.1 null
post-commit-hook In the context of Software Configuration Management , a post-commit hook is a command run just after a commit is performed.
prism-6 a fully open source version of the Prism guidance originally produced by Microsoft patterns & practices
resource-management null
userprincipal Encapsulates and exposes some principals or constructors of the active directory userprincipal class.
videogular an HTML5 video player for AngularJS.
tilde The ~ operator, performs a bitwise negation on a binary number - all 1 bits are set to 0 and all 0 bits are set to 1.
unauthorizedaccessexcepti thrown when the operating system denies access because of an I/O error or a specific type of security error.
uiactivity an abstract class that you subclass in order to implement application-specific services
viber Viber lets you send free messages and make free calls to other Viber users, on any device and network, in any country.
validationattribute null
raven a standalone Python client for Sentry .
select-case null
rowdatabound bound to data in a GridView control
rlang The rlang package provides tools to work with core language features of R and the tidyverse
pydot a python-module to serve as an easy interface to Graphviz's dot language.
openedx an open source CMS and LMS system to create MOOC courses and display them online
vue-cli Questions related to the use of vue-cli or the project templates created via vue-cli
nexus3 a Repository Manager for Maven, NuGet, Docker registries and other binary artifact repositories
network-analysis Primarily, analysis of general networks using graph theory
data-persistence null
ms-query a program for retrieving data from external sources into other Microsoft Office programs — in particular, Microsoft Excel
credential-providers The Credential Provider model, used by Windows Vista above, has replaced the older GINA model for implementing user authentication, allowing the user logon to be customized and integrated with the bes…
background-foreground null
yui-datatable The YUI DataTable control provides a simple yet powerful API to display screen-reader accessible tabular data on a web page
xcode7.1 Related to the specific version of the Apple's IDE, Xcode 7.1
fishpig a Magento extension development company most famous for its free Magento and WordPress Integration extension.
interactive-brokers A popular electronic trading platform, supporting API through Java, C++, C#, VB, Python 3, and Excel.
hprof A java heap/CPU profiling tool
testdriven.net a Visual Studio plugin which makes it easy to run unit tests from within the IDE.
qcustomplot a Qt C++ widget for 2D plotting and data visualization, licensed under the GPL.
ipython-magic A set of pre-defined of IPython that used with the command-line syntax.
android-accessibility null
appserver a next-generation PHP infrastructure consisting of a lightning fast webserver completely written in PHP
worldwind a geospatial graphical library open-sourced by NASA, available in .NET, Java, Java/Android and XCode, and based on OpenGL.
wpf-animation an illusion that is created by quickly cycling through a series of images, each slightly different from the last
boost-build designed as a multi-platform replacement for for build control systems like GNUMake
gwt-super-dev-mode no longer using the browser plugin.
minifilter Minifilter: A file system filter developed to work with the file system filter manager.
batch-updates null
high-load All aspects of high-loaded systems development and maintenance.
tvirtualstringtree a Delphi component, VirtualTreeview descendant designed to make it easy to show string data.
fparsec A parser combinator library for F#.
iaas a provision model in which an organization outsources the equipment used to support operations, including storage, hardware, servers and networking components
echarts A commercial charting solution by Baidu, originally intended to address the report need of the company's various business systems.
javafx-3d The JavaFX 3D graphics APIs provide a general purpose three-dimensional graphics library for the JavaFX platform.
systemctl used to control the systemd system and service manager.
nscache a cache-related class included in Apple's Foundation framework.
do.call do.call constructs and executes a function call from a name or a function and a list of arguments to be passed to it.
nominatim an address search engine for OpenStreetMap
generic-method null
soapfault defined as part of the W3C SOAP specification
instant In the context of UX, UI's and programming, 'instant' refers to immediate and automatic
hibernate3 an open source object-relational mapping library for the Java language, providing a framework for mapping an object-oriented domain model to a traditional relatio…
fig a tool built by Orchard for creating fast, isolated development environments using Docker.
fhir Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources is a standard for data formats and an API for electronic health records
non-relational-database null
mindstorms used to ask questions about the programmable aspects of the LEGO Mindstorms product line
laravel-echo Use for problems with laravel-echo, he official laravel WebSocket implementation.
cellular-automata a discrete model studied in computability theory.
change-data-capture Change data capture encompasses database design patterns to keep track of changed data and perform actions with it.
convex-optimization Convex minimization, a subfield of optimization, studies the problem of minimizing convex functions over convex sets
django-context django-context refers to the special django.template.Context class used for passing data from the view to the template
appx null
activity-diagram a mapping of the steps involved in a repetitive process to a visual workflow
vacuum In SQLite and PosgreSQL, the VACUUM command rebuilds the entire database.
gams-math a high-level modeling system for mathematical optimization.
ajax-request used in JavaScript to make additional requests from a server without reloading the page.
sumo applies to everything around the microscopic traffic simulation SUMO
mercurial-subrepos Questions related to the subrepository feature in the Mercurial distributed version control system.
j2objc an open-source command-line tool from Google that translates Java code to Objective-C for the iOS platform.
ancestor a node that is connected to all lower-level nodes
aliases null
accessoryview used, typically as a control, on the right side of the table cell .
appcompat-v7-r22.1 This library adds support for the Action Bar user interface design pattern
cydia-substrate a framework that allows third party developers to provide run-time patches to system functions on mobile devices.
compiler-design Used for questions about compiler design that are void of implementation details.
pointer-events In HTML5: hardware-agnostic events from devices like a mouse, pen, or touchscreen
polymerfire Polymer Web Components for use with the Firebase 3.x API
balance null
behaviorsubject for questions related to a BehaviorSubject, which represents a value that changes over time.
bndtools a widely used Eclipse based OSGi development tool
libsndfile a cross platform library for reading and writing common file formats like WAV, AIFF, AU, as well as FLAC and Ogg/Vorbis.
lowpass-filter null
lxml.html a dedicated python package for dealing with HTML.
javascript-engine For questions related to JavaScript engine development
max-flow The maximum-flow problem, a problem in computer science over a flow network
nested-query Related to how to write and execute nested Queries in SQL databases.
extjs-grid should be used on questions which use Ext.grid.Panel/Ext.grid.Grid classes in the code or the question is somehow related to components being used in a tabular grid.
enhanced-ecommerce The enhanced ecommerce plug-in for analytics.js enables the measurement of user interactions with products on ecommerce websites across the user's shopping experience, including: product impressions, …
edismax an improved version of the solr DisMax, a popular query mode with Apache Solr
http-status-code-504 504 Gateway Timeout
phphotolibrary The PHPhotoLibrary framework provides interfaces for viewing, editing and creating assets and collections managed by the IOS Photos app.
nofollow a value that can be assigned to the rel attribute of an HTML a element to instruct some search engines that a hyperlink should not influence the link target's ranking in the search engine'…
oledbexception an exception thrown regarding an OLE DB data source.
dotnethighcharts a charting library written in pure JavaScript, offering an easy way of adding interactive charts to your web site or web application
nawk a pattern scanning and processing language.
np-hard NP-hard problems are those problems which are not easier than any problem in NP; in other words, an algorithm for an NP-hard problem can be used to so…
apartment-gem Database multi-tenancy for Rack applications
sqlite-net-extensions a very simple ORM that provides one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-one, many-to-many, inverse and text-blobbed relationships on top of the sqlite-net library.
tsqlt tSQLt – The Database Unit Testing Framework for SQL Server
getstring null
openshift-cartridge OpenShift cartridges provide the necessary command and control for the functionality of software that is running users' applications.
react-dnd a set of React higher-order components to help you build complex drag and drop interfaces while keeping your components decoupled.
nsrangeexception raised when you access a range outside its normal bounds
personal-hotspot a mobile device used as an ad-hoc wireless network router
matlab-struct For questions about the MATLAB structure datatype.
pentaho-report-designer a desktop reporting tool that provides a visual design environment to create pixel-perfect reports
self-modifying null
structuremap3 Version 3 of the StructureMap Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control library for .NET
windows-embedded a family of operating systems from Microsoft designed for use in embedded systems.
fb-graph A full-stack Facebook Graph API wrapper in Ruby
youcompleteme an autocomplete and diagnostics plugin for Vim.
hdd OFF-TOPIC
headphones null
hdpi HDPI refers to a high-density screen used on an Android device.
dat.gui a small JavaScript library to render some gui elements like slider, color picker etc.
layout-gravity Android layout parameter that sets the gravity of a View or Layout inside its parent container.
language-interoperability the ability of code to interact with code that is written using a different programming language
blackberry-storm a series of touch screen smartphones manufactured by Research In Motion.
ng-admin An AngularJS admin GUI for any RESTful API
react-props a JS library developed by facebook
ppl a C++ library included with Microsoft Visual C++ 2010+ that provides an imperative programming model that promotes scalability and ease-of-use for developing con…
play-reactivemongo a plugin for Play 2.x, enabling support for ReactiveMongo – reactive, asynchronous and non-blocking Scala driver for MongoDB.
scim The System for Cross-domain Identity Management specification is designed to make managing user identities in cloud-based applications and services easier.
server.mappath The Server.MapPath method maps the specified relative or virtual path to the corresponding physical directory on the server.
quanteda The `quanteda` package provides a fast, flexible toolset for for the management, processing, and quantitative analysis of textual data in R.
remote-branch null
varnish-4 null
was The Windows Process Activation Service manages the activation and lifetime of the worker processes that contain applications that host WCF services
unsubscribe null
significant-digits a way of describing the precision of measurements in a scale-independent way.
shift-reduce-conflict an LR parser paradigm
sysinternals a part of the Microsoft TechNet website which offers technical resources and utilities to manage, diagnose, troubleshoot, and monitor a Microsoft Windows environment.
templatebinding null
tf-slim a lightweight library for defining, training and evaluating complex models in TensorFlow.
strtol the C runtime library function for converting the text representation of a number to a long integer
symfony-routing Routing in Symfony Framework's MVC implementation
tcxgrid a grid control presents data from a data storage in various ways
staggered-gridview An Android staggered grid view which supports multiple columns with rows of varying sizes.
spy++ to log messages that are being passed around in Windows.
springboard the standard application that manages the iOS home screen
userdefaults null
unreachable-code part of the source code of a program which can never be executed because there exists no control flow path to the code from the rest of the program.
windows-api-code-pack esentially a managed API to access Shell functions, that are otherwise not available for .NET Developers.
qmediaplayer a part of the Qt framework
play-slick A plugin that makes Slick a first-class citizen of Play 2.x.
page-numbering Refers to the common task of numbering pages.
performanceanalytics R package of Econometric tools for performance and risk analysis.
periodic-task null
parsley an Application Framework that helps Flex/Flash developer create large scale enterprise applications
pygame-surface pygame object for representing images
python-pptx a Python library for creating and updating PowerPoint files: https://python-pptx.readthedocs.org/en/latest/
code-composer Name of the IDE from Texas Instruments originally intended for DSP developers, later extended to cover almost all processors offered by TI
angular4-httpclient for only for questions related to the HttpClient service included in HttpClientModule of Angular version 4
qtestlib a framework for unit testing Qt based applications and libraries.
xamarin.uitest Xamarin.UITest, an Automated UI Acceptance Testing framework based on Calabash that allows programmers to write and execute tests in C# and NUnit that validate the functionality of iOS and Android App…
wsse a soap extension which provides eg signing of soap messages.
setbackground null
capture-group null
canny-operator an edge detection operator that uses a multi-stage algorithm to detect a wide range of edges in images.
sense A JSON aware developer console to ElasticSearch.
python-appium Appium Python Client An extension library for adding Selenium 3.0 draft and Mobile JSON Wire Protocol Specification draft functionality to the Python language bindings, for use with the mobile test…
eucalyptus Eucalyptus implements an IaaS -style private cloud that is accessible via an API compatible with Amazon EC2 and Amazon S3.
onsen-ui2 an open source front-end framework for hybrid mobile apps and Websites with native look and feel.
openstack-horizon a Django-based project aimed at providing a complete OpenStack Dashboard along with an extensible framework for building new dashboards from reusable components.
listobject a VBA object used for interacting with Excel
ui-sref null
uitest null
pressed extremely ambiguous, broad, and is not very useful
apache-tomee DO NOT USE THIS TAG! Please use instead.
flatbuffers a serialization library by Google
vsync Vsync is a rendering option for video cards
media-library null
source-control-explorer used to view and manage Team Foundation source control such as team projects, folders, and files.
sorteddictionary Represents a collection of key/value pairs that are sorted on the key.
ccnet-config may be used on questions related to the configuration of CruiseControl.NET
hash-of-hashes a multi-dimensional hash that contains nested hashes.
ifttt For programming related questions around the IFTTT service and IFTTT Maker.
google-sheets-query Use for question about the QUERY function of Google Sheets.
god a Ruby process monitoring framework designed to keep processes up and running.
eclipse-scout a framework to create business applications.
elmah.mvc null
dynamic-rdlc-generation for questions about the dynamic generation of the Client Report Definition Language file
ember-testing a core part of Ember framework
ffserver a streaming server for both audio and video
face an elementary surface geometry
free-monad Free monads give a general way of turning functors into monads
form-control the main component of Windows Forms UI framework
namenode the centerpiece of an HDFS file system
master-theorem In the analysis of algorithms, the Master theorem provides a cookbook solution in asymptotic terms for recurrence relations of types that occur in the analysis of many divide an…
manualresetevent ManualResetEvent notifies one or more waiting threads that an event has occurred
janus a vendor of Windows Forms controls for .NET, ASP.NET Server Controls for .NET and ActiveX Controls.
isbn an ISO standardized identifier for books
jquery-mobile-collapsible null
kraken.js a secure and scalable layer that extends express by providing structure and convention.
laravel-authorization null
bag An unordered collection that can contain duplicates
browser-support null
browserify-shim null
car `car` refers to the `car` package under the R language, NOT to drivable cars
callout a coding mechanism to modify the content of a display field in a Window of ADempiere.
ember-components a core piece of ember.js framework that describes the behaviour of the view
associated-types null
bulkupdate Bulk update a database
quicksand a jQuery plugin to reorder and filter items with a nice shuffling animation.
custom-type null
user-tracking null
keen-io keen-io refers to the libraries and APIs produced for event analytics by the company.
ava a fast and simple JavaScript test runner with builtin support for ES2015.
ar.drone a remote controlled flying quadcopter helicopter built by the French company Parrot
appfuse a full-stack framework for building web applications on the JVM
alchemy a research project from Adobe Systems that allows for the compilation of C and C++ code to AVM2 bytecode, so that it can be run on Flash Player or Adobe AIR
custom-error-handling null
curb Curb provides Ruby-language bindings for the libcurl, a fully-featured client-side URL transfer library.
django-tinymce a pluggable django app that contains a widget to render a form field as a TinyMCE editor.
keyguard This mobile phone feature allows the user to disable the keys so that a number will not accidentally be dialed while the phone is in your pocket or purse
marshmallow an ORM/ODM/framework-agnostic library for converting complex datatypes, such as objects, to and from native Python datatypes.
metatable Typically it refers to a feature of Lua which allows a programmer to change the behaviour of tables
nios a 32-bit embedded-processor architecture designed specifically for the Altera family of FPGAs.
multiple-file-upload The act of uploading multiple files at a single instance, either concurrently or in a queue.
multiple-forms null
nstreecontroller a bindings compatible controller that manages a tree of objects
nvda a free and open source screen reader for the Microsoft Windows operating system.
fail2ban Fail2ban scans log files and bans IPs that show the malicious signs -- too many password failures, seeking for exploits, etc.
extras null
dual-sim one which holds two SIM cards
libpqxx the official C++ client API for PostgreSQL, the enterprise-strength open-source database software.
abstract-methods one with only a signature and no implementation body
visual-c++-2012 The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows .
visual-studio-2010-sp1 Released on March 3, 2011, Visual Studio 2010 SP1 is the first servicing release for VS2010 with a build number 10.0.40219.1.
facebook-pixel the name given to the Facebook tracking pixel
dms an application or collection of applications designed to store and organize electronic content
control-structure Within an imperative programming language, a control flow statement is a statement whose execution results in a choice being made as to which of two or more paths should be followed.
spring-restdocs Spring REST Docs takes a test-driven approach to documenting RESTful APIs
screen-record a recording of computer screen output, also known as a video screen capture
formwizard a formatted tabbable structure of form.
formvalidation-plugin Form validation jQuery plugin that allows you to validate data in popular frameworks
flink-cep FlinkCEP - complex event processing for Apache Flink
hypermedia a technique for working with and on data between a client and a server
mongoosastic a mongoose plugin that can automatically index your models into elasticsearch.
batch-normalization null
childbrowser A Phonegap plugin to load external pages
xhtml2pdf a html2pdf converter using the ReportLab Toolkit, the HTML5lib and pyPdf
jnetpcap an open-source Java wrapper for nearly all libpcap library native calls.
activemq-artemis an asynchronous messaging system, an example of Message Oriented Middleware.
captivenetwork generally a Wifi one
qfilesystemmodel a class from the Qt toolkit which provides a data model for the local filesystem.
puredata a real-time graphical programming environment for audio, video, and graphical processing.
jtag a common interface used for programming and debugging microprocessors and other types of embedded devices.
jsr JSR commonly refers to Java Specification Requests, formal standards for the Java platform.
network-connection null
rfc5545 The RFC defines iCalendar and obsoletes the RFC2445 since sept 2009.
vtune a tag for Intel VTune Amplifier XE profiling tool questions.
fdf a file format for representing form data and annotations that are contained in a PDF form.
pax-exam a testing toolkit that addresses the need for bundle-level testing.
pic32 a family of 32-bit microcontrollers made by Microchip Technology
python-click a Python library for creating beautiful command line interfaces.
service-fabric-stateful null
rjdbc RJDBC - Allows the use of JDBC to access databases from R
rmdir a Linux and Windows command used to remove a directory or folder.
sample-data a term used for publicly available sets of data in a variety of formats.
vb.net-to-c# Conversion of code written in Visual Basic .NET to C#
two-way-binding null
tlf Adobe's open source Text Layout Framework
touchstart null
system.data a namespace of the .NET framework
stringwithformat Method on the class NSString in Apple's Cocoa framework; takes a printf-style format string and a variable number of other arguments to create an instance of NSString.
sigterm one of the POSIX mandated signals; it indicates that the process should terminate, which is also the default action for SIGTERM.
solarium an open-source Solr client library and query builder for PHP applications.
uiscreen A UIScreen object contains the bounding rectangle of the device’s entire screen
uisearchbardelegate The UISearchBarDelegate protocol defines the optional methods you implement to make a UISearchBar control functional.
userlocation null
wamp-protocol Web Application Messaging Protocol
volusion an online store builder.
setenv null
serde a framework for serializing and deserializing Rust data structures efficiently and generically.
rexster a high-performance graph server that allows you to access any Blueprints graph through from any programming language through its binary protocol or its HTTP/REST API.
pycassa a python client for the Cassandra key-value data store.
pyc automatically compiled into Python byte code by the CPython interpreter
pluralize Pluralize stands for an automate script process, that checks a word and adds its plural end , when it is needed to be plural
into-outfile MySQL's `SELECT ..
data-representation null
js-test-driver an open source JavaScript unit tests runner written in Java.
yii2-validation if your question relates to the Yii2-validation-system, no matter if your validation is within a model or as standalaone validator-instances.
xcode6.4 Related to the specific version of the Apple's IDE, Xcode 6.4
xwiki both an open source enterprise wiki software and a platform for quickly writing simple collaborative web applications
xv6 a small Unix-like teaching operating system made by MIT for its 6.828 OS course
createobject used to instantiate COM objects.
log4cplus a C++ logging library.
jmdns a Java implementation of multi-cast DNS and can be used for service registration and discovery in local area networks
angularjs-1.5 Represents questions specific to AngularJS versions 1.5
angularjs-ng-form Nestable alias of form directive
url.action In ASP.NET MVC the URLHelper provides a method called Action that generates a fully qualified URL to an action method by using the specified action name, controller name, route values, and protocol to…
dropbox-php MIT licensed and intended to be useful both as reference documentation and for regular use
deepzoom Deep Zoom provides the ability to interactively view high-resolution images
default-method a feature introduced in Java 8 which allows an interface to declare a method body
defaults null
defensive-programming a form of defensive design intended to ensure the continuing function of a piece of software in spite of unforeseeable usage of said software
array-intersect PHP's array_intersect function accepts the array with master values to check, an array to compare values against and a variable list of arrays to compare
taco The Tools for Apache Cordova provides additional functionality on top of Apache Cordova
fileshare null
mongoose-web-server Mongoose embeddable web server
themeroller a web app that offers an interface for designing and downloading custom themes for jQuery UI.
motorola-emdk Zebra Technologies acquired Motorola Solutions enterprise Business in Oct.2014
index-error An `IndexError` indicates that an out of bounds or invalid index was used.
bioperl a package of Perl tools for computational molecular biology.
4g the fourth generation of mobile telecommunications technology, succeeding 3G and preceding 5G
genetic Related to the information representation or its coding whereby different features of a unit of measurement, which can be interpreted as any decision
googlesigninapi null
manage.py a command-line utility for Django's administrative tasks
mptt mptt refers to algorithm for storing hierarchical data
k2 a Windows Server platform that allows the creation and management of business workflows that consume data from a variety of data sources; on top of the .Net platform.
loaddata null
jtoolbar refers either to Joomla JToolBar or Java Swing JToolBar.
jquery-multiselect jQuery UI MultiSelect Widget
iscsi The Internet Small Computer System Interface is a transport protocol designed to communicate SCSI commands over IP networks
domcrawler a Symfony component for PHP which eases DOM navigation for HTML and XML documents.
dexie a minimalistic wrapper for IndexedDB .
detail ambiguous, and too broad to be meaningful.
executescalar - Executes a query, and returns the first column of the first row in the query-result set
containable a core CakePHP behaviour for filtering and limiting model find queries.
burp Burp is a proxy tool which is used for intercepting proxy server for security testing of web applications
bitmapsource Bitmapsource represents a single, constant set of pixels at a certain size and resolution.
chapel a portable, open-source parallel programming language
cics CICS is a transaction server that runs primarily on IBM mainframe systems under z/OS and z/VSE.
clrs CLRS refers to the textbook by Thomas H
.doc A file extension for word processing documents; most commonly for Microsoft Word.
asp.net-authentication null
asp.net-1.1 For issues relating to development with ASP.NET, version 1.1.
asp.net-mvc-ajax null
build-settings null
pass-through a method of database processing where one DBMS connects to a different DBMS, and submits code to the second DBMS for processing, rather than retrieving most or all rows an…
rocksdb an embeddable persistent key-value store for fast storage
azure-management-api Azure Management API encompasses all the REST APIs that are used to manage Azure services
android-mvp a way to separate background tasks from activities/views/fragments to make them independent of most lifecycle-related events
chronicle a low latency data fabric for logging, IPC, sharing and processing data.
civicrm is a web-based, open source, Constituent Relationship Management software geared toward meeting the needs of non-profit and other civic-sector organizations.
badimageformatexception thrown when the file image of a dynamic link library or an executable program is invalid.
bootstrap-daterangepicker Date range picker component for Bootstrap
columnheader null
exacttarget A commercial software as a service product for various marketing platforms including email, mobile, social media, and landing pages
copy-elision Copy elision refers to an exception to the as-if rule allowing to omit copies
dijit.layout null
django-contenttypes Django includes a contenttypes application that can track all of the models installed in your Django-powered project, providing a high-level, generic interface for working with your models.
jsbin an online editor for sharing and editing code.
jsonexception thrown to indicate a problem with the JSON API, as attempts to parse or construct malformed documents, use of null as a name or type mismatches on lookups.
jongo Jongo allows to query in Java as in Mongo shell; unmarshalling results into Java objects
local-files null
localbroadcastmanager null
nsworkspace An NSWorkspace object responds to application requests to perform a variety of services: Opening, manipulating, and obtaining information about files and devices, Tracking changes to the file system, …
input-mask A string expression, defined by a developer, that governs what a user is allowed to enter in as input in a text box.
phppgadmin a fully functional web-based administration utility for a PostgreSQL database server.
android-textwatcher For questions related with TextWatcher callback interface
cclayer a class from the popular Cocos2d engine
catextlayer a Core Animation layer for showing text
offline-browsing null
slidify an R package to create elegant, interactive html5 presentations from R Markdown.
double-checked-locking a software design pattern used to reduce the overhead of acquiring a lock by first testing the locking criterion without actually acquiring the lock.
screensharing null
jquery-1.9 a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
multiple-value null
multi-window null
designmode null
deployd a tool that makes building APIs simple by providing important ready-made functionality out of the box that meet the demands of complex applications.
facebook-events Represents a real life event in order to inform your Facebook friends about it.
livequery Live Query utilizes the power of jQuery selectors by binding events or firing callbacks for matched elements auto-magically, even after the page has been loaded and the DOM updated.
fileparsing null
getuikit UIkit is a lightweight and modular open source front-end framework for developing web interfaces.
string-aggregation null
streambuf the stream buffer type used by C++ iostreams.
pymongo-3.x Version 3 of
pearson in statistics, Pearson's r, the Pearson product moment correlation coefficient, shows the extent of a linear relationship between two data sets on a scale from -1 to 1.
maptools The R package maptools provides a set of tools for manipulating and reading geographic data, in particular ESRI shapefiles.
matrix-factorization In the mathematical discipline of linear algebra, a matrix decomposition or matrix factorization is a factorization of a matrix into a product of matrices.
panda3d an open source 3D Engine originally developed, and still actively maintained, by the Walt Disney VR Studio
loginview The **LoginView** control allows you to display different information to anonymous and logged-in users.
ldif a plain text data interchange format for LDAP data.
kue a priority job queue backed by redis, built for node.js.
entity-relationship-model The entity-relationship model is a way of graphically representing the logical relationships of entities in order to create a database
cloudcontrol a European PaaS that supports Java, PHP, Python, Ruby and more via the open buildpacks API and easy integration of third party Cloud services via the add-on marketplace.
haskell-pipes a group of libraries written in Haskell to provide safe, functional, and strict I/O.
intrusion-detection null
xacml3 the eXtensible Access Control Markup Language, an open standard for specifying and evaluating authorization and access control policies
vue-loader a vue.js component loader for Webpack
playframework-2.6 based on a lightweight, stateless, web-friendly architecture and features predictable and minimal resource consumption for highly-scalable applications.
port-scanning The act of scanning the ports on a remote computer in a systematic fashion.
python-cffi Foreign Function Interface for Python calling C code
ocsp Online Certificate Status Protocol
ocl A formal specification language used with MOF meta-models to express queries or constraints that cannot otherwise be expressed in diagramic notation.
oncheckedchanged Method to provide a callback when the checked state of a compound button changed in Android.
openlaszlo a Rich Internet Application platform which compiles applications written in a custom language called LZX to either Flash or JavaScript.
set-theory a branch of logic which studies collections of distinct elements, called sets
seam3 a collection of modules and developer tooling tailored for Java EE 6 application development, with CDI as the central piece
video-conversion Video conversion deals mostly with converting videos from one codec to a second one or to resize the image size
web-traffic the amount of data sent and received by visitors to a web site.
simple-form-for Syntax for generating a Rails simple_form component
stringi THE R package for fast, correct, consistent and convenient string/text processing in each locale and any native character encoding
tarfile either a tar archive file or a Python module used to handle tar archive files
tchromium a VCL control wrapping around the by Henri Gourvest.
textpad a general-purpose text editor.
synthesize An Objective-C keyword
spamassassin an open source server daemon used to examine and mark email that it identifies as spam.
sqlbindparameter null
sql-server-profiler a rich interface to create and manage traces and analyze and replay trace results
webspeech-api A JavaScript API that allows web pages to include speech recognition and synthesis functionality.
virtualpathprovider class which provides a set of methods that enable a Web application to retrieve resources from a virtual file system.
typo3-flow a web application framework developed in PHP, created to support Neos, a next generation content management system.
twirl The Play framework Scala template engine repackaged for stand-alone use.
setneedsdisplay null
selenium-iedriver a standalone server which implements WebDriver's wire protocol.
rml the Report Markup Language - a member of the XML family of languages, and the XML dialect used by rml2pdf to produce documents in Adobe's Portable Document Format .
rexx a interpreted programming language developed by IBM in the end of 70's and beginning of 80's.
qitemdelegate a Qt class which provides display and editing facilities for data items from a model.
ondemand reporting; it suggests that decision-making information can be generated or retrieved at will
paypal-nvp exposing various features of the PayPal platform through NVP requests .
w2ui a jQuery-based user interface & layout library.
safearray null
disjoint-sets Anything related to disjoint sets, i.e
companion-object In , an object with the same name as a class, used to hold utility members for the class
vbe the built in IDE for writing VBA
datagridviewcheckboxcell null
zclip a lightweight jQuery plugin built using the popular Zero Clipboard library
zend-paginator a flexible component for paginating collections of data and presenting that data to users.
x-ua-compatible an IE-specific header that can be used to tell modern IE versions to use a specific IE engine to render the page
tegra a family of systems-on-chip for mobile devices, designed and sold to device manufacturers by NVIDIA, including one or more ARM CPU cores, a specially-designed NVIDIA GPU, among other co…
faultexception the type of exception WCF services and clients use to communicate exceptions and optionally their details.
horizontal-scaling horizontal scaling refers to partitioning data in such a way, that parts of data are placed on different servers
qabstracttablemodel a class in Qt for models that represent their data as a two-dimentional array of items.
counter-cache null
maven-jar-plugin This plugin provides the capability to build and sign jars.
jmeter-maven-plugin JMeter Maven plugin to automate Apache JMeter tests in Maven
android-applicationinfo ApplicationInfo class contains information about an Android application, corresponding to the information in the application manifest.
typescript1.4 Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.4
typekit an Adobe service which allows embedding fonts into online and offline documents.
jquery-ui-selectmenu A jQuery UI widget that duplicates and extends the functionality of a native HTML select element, allowing it to be customizable in behavior and appearance far beyond the limitations of a native selec…
deferred-rendering a screen-space shading technique that defers shading until the second pass of rendering
image-editing Anything related to image editing
gwt-ext an Open Source GWT Widget Library
scalable null
system.net.httpwebrequest Provides an HTTP-specific implementation of the WebRequest, an abstract base class for the .NET Framework's request/response model for accessing data from the Internet class.
mailing null
java1.4 Java 2 SE version 1.4 was released in February 2002, and has reached its End of Service Life on October 30th 2008.
unity3d-gui Questions related to the new UI system in Unity 4.6 and newer or the old GUI class.
breakout null
bins null
winrt-xaml-toolkit an open source library with controls, extensions and helper classes for Windows Store applications utilizing Windows Runtime XAML.
mysql-error-1062 ERROR 1062 : Duplicate entry '%s' for key '%s'
contingency a non-negative integer matrix with specified row and column sums.
slimscroll a small jQuery plugin that transforms any div into a scrollable area with a nice scrollbar
skview the UIView subclass Sprite Kit uses to render the currently presented scene's nodes onto
tinyos an open source and free operating system under BSD license targetting low-power wireless devices, such as those used in sensor networks, ubiquitous computing, personal area networks, smart b…
tivoli a closed source system management application
omnicomplete the name of the Vim feature which provides smart autocompletion
ext3 a linux filesystem.
collection-select null
inline-functions By using keyword 'inline' in function definition, programmer can request that the compiler insert the complete body of the function in every place that the function is called, rather than gene…
heightforrowatindexpath null
hex-editors an editor that allows the user to manipulate a file on the bit level by displaying this file as its hexadecimal representation.
http-status-code-406 The HTTP response status code 406 Not Acceptable
google-datalayer a global object of key/value pairs passed to Google Tag Manager
extractor null
exoplayer2.x a major iteration of the ExoPlayer
ember-old-router Ember.js routing has completely been changed since the first shot
enum-flags null
g++4.8 an open-source C++ compiler.
networkd3 D3 JavaScript Network Graphs from R.
mod-fcgid a high performance alternative to `mod_cgi` or `mod_cgid`, which starts a sufficient number instances of the `CGI` program to handle concurrent requests, and these programs remain runni…
member-variables null
location-href JavaScript run in a browser has access to both the Document.location and Window.location which has a href property containing the whole URL associated with the content.
machinekey null
directinput null
data-transfer-objects null
cookieless a property in ASP.NET SessionStateSection indicating whether cookies are used to identify client sessions.
cordova-plugin-fcm a push notification plugin for Cordova applications with Google Firebase FCM.
cs4 a collection of programs made and/or managed by Adobe Systems.
android-websettings for questions regarding managing settings state for a WebView on the Android OS
appcompat-v7-r23 a set of code libraries that provide backward-compatible versions of Android framework APIs as well as features that are only available through the library APIs.…
asm.js An strict subset of JavaScript that can be used as a low-level, efficient target language for compilers.
360-virtual-reality 360-degree VR videos, also known as immersive videos or spherical videos, are video recordings where a view in every direction is recorded at the same time.
elastic4s mostly a wrapper around the standard Elasticsearch Java client with the intention of creating a concise, idiomatic, reactive, type safe DSL for applications in Scala that use Elasticsearc…
gcc4.9 Version 4.9 of GCC
airbnb Airbnb JavaScript style guide:
qvector The QVector class, part of the Qt framework, is a template class that provides a dynamic array.
part-of-speech Linguistic category of words
summarize null
sup SUP stands for Sybase/SAP Unwired Platform
passwordbox null
agents null
custom-authentication null
context go-context
codeigniter-form-helper a set of functions that help the user when working with forms in CodeIgniter.
contao a PHP based Open Source CMS which uses the MVC architecture
determinants Anything related to the computation of matrix determinants
bibliography a systematic list of books
citations null
chameleon an open-source template engine written in Python
charsequence In Java , java.lang.CharSequence is an interface to sequences of character values.
maf Microsoft's Managed Add-in Framework , sometimes called System.Addin, contains types to identify, register, activate, and control add-ins, and to allow add-ins to communicate with a host applicat…
kerning The inter-glyph distance of two characters rendered with a font
libsass a SASS pre-processing language for CSS compiled en C instead of Ruby
jackcess a pure Java library for reading from and writing to MS Access databases
neo4j-spatial a Java library for accessing and processing data in a Neo4j open-source database.
formsauthentication null
fetchall null
flash-cs5.5 null
dummy-data Placeholder used for operational or testing purposes.
dynamics-gp one of several ERP solutions offered by Microsoft under their Dynamics brand.
gethostbyname null
hiphop HipHop for PHP transforms PHP source code into highly optimized C++.
hl7-v2 standardized structured multi-line text files using single character as delimiters
installation-package null
coding-efficiency For questions regarding programmer efficiency, not computer efficiency, e.g
skip-lists a probabilistic data structure for storing and retrieving sorted data.
timer-jobs recurring background processes that are managed by a Scheduler
media-type null
woff a cross-browser, web-only font format that uses gzip compression
4gl A programming language with a specific domain intended, such as business or science, in which the basic units are of a higher abstraction or power.
rtsp-client null
api-ai a Conversational User Experience Platform
eclemma a free Java code coverage tool for Eclipse, available under the Eclipse Public License.
java-module Refers to the module as defined by the module system in java introduced in Java9
jquery-ajaxq a jQuery plugin that implements AJAX request queueing mechanism.
filelist for questions related to the W3C File API's FileList interface.
webcenter a stack of products built on top of the JSF based Oracle Application Development Framework
openocd OpenOCD stands for Open On Chip Debugger and is a program used to debug embedded platforms, mostly via JTAG.
pysqlite A DB-API2 compliant module in Python for interacting with a SQLite relational database.
etherpad a web-based collaborative real-time text editor, allowing authors to simultaneously edit a text document, and see all of the participants' edits in real-time, with the ability to display e…
jqxwidgets a widget library built on top of the jQuery JavaScript Library
viewexpiredexception commonly thrown by the JavaServer Faces framework
angularjs-animation Official animation module for AngularJS
matlab-uitable Part of Matlab's GUIDE environment and also usable as standalone figure type to display and manipulate results in form of a table
google-trends a public web facility of Google Inc., based on Google Search, that shows how often a particular search-term is entered relative to the total search-volume across various regions of th…
ostringstream Output stream class to operate on strings.
qbasic a general-purpose interpreted programming language derived from QuickBasic 4.5
firefox3.6 Version 3.6 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
audio-fingerprinting a hash code of some digital audio, with the additional properties that it is tolerant of noise and distortion, and can be reproduced without synchronizing with the start of th…
tedious used to interact with instances of Microsoft's SQL Server.
database-mirroring In a database mirroring setup, one or more copies of a source database are maintained on separate servers
zend-db-select null
qtcpserver a Qt class embedding a TCP-based server.
linkedhashset a variant of HashSet
lines-of-code The number of code lines
xamarin.auth A cross-platform API for authenticating users and storing their accounts.
frustum a region of space delimited by a solid geometrical shape and two parallel planes cutting it, in particular the region of space that is rendered on screen in computer graphics ap…
angular2-router null
perlbrew a program to automate the building and installation of multiple versions of Perl in your $HOME directory.
openid-provider null
python-gstreamer Python bindings for the Gstreamer multimedia framework
uimodalpresentationstyle null
usb-flash-drive a data storage device that includes flash memory with an integrated Universal Serial Bus interface.
unused-variables null
valuechangelistener ValueChangeListeners listens to value change events from View
wayland protocol for providing graphical output to Linux/Unix users
spring-cloud-sleuth null
start-job a Powershell CmdLet to run a Scriptblock as background job
start-process a powershell cmdlet that starts one or more processes on the local computer.
watershed a term commonly referred to in image processing
virtual-pc a virtualization program that simulates a hardware environment using software
usergrid a Backend-as-a-Service built on Cassandra, and accessible via a REST API
uncrustify Source Code Beautifier for C, C++, C#, ObjectiveC, D, Java, Pawn and VALA
toupper In C / C++ toupper function converts a given character to uppercase according to the character conversion rules defined by the currently installed C locale
pose-estimation The specific task of determining the position and orientation of an object in an image relative to the camera coordinates is called Pose Estimation.
reverse-dns Part of the the Domain Name System , a hierarchical naming system for discovering IP Addresses in relation to domain names
rubyzip a ruby library for reading and writing zip files
rich-internet-application a Web application that has many of the characteristics of desktop application software, typically delivered by way of a site-specific browser, a browser plug-in, a…
multiclass-classification null
qsettings a Qt class that provides an ability to store and use platform-independant settings for an application.
vcenter null
zend-controller null
z80 an 8-bit CPU designed by Zilog to be a backwards-compatible enhancement of the Intel 8080
xmltextreader null
crf a class of statistical modelling method often applied in pattern recognition and machine learning, where they are used for structured prediction.
static-constructor used to initialize any static data, or to perform a particular action that needs to be performed once only
safearealayoutguide a property from UIView class representing the portion of the view that is unobscured by bars and other content.
nexus-4 Google's fourth Nexus-branded Android smartphone
papyrus an open-source UML modelling tool based on Eclipse.
fastmm the default memory manager for Delphi Win32 and Win64 bit applications
pep used to propose and document Python language features, development processes and best practices
type-theory closely related to type systems in programming languages
chilkat a company which develops libraries for a number of platforms, including Linux, MAC OS X, iOS, Android, Solaris, HP-UX, Red Hat, CentOS, FreeBSD and Windows.
ansible-template for questions regarding writing and processing Ansible templates, Jinja2 syntax within Ansible, custom filters.
ggts The Groovy/Grails Tool Suite provides an Eclipse-powered development environment for building Groovy and Grails applications.
magento2.1 One of the latest released Magento versions, Magento Open Source is an e-commerce platform with several enhancements since version 2.0, regarding PayPal, BrainTree, inter…
dbeaver free and open source universal database tool for developers and database administrators.
vtigercrm Vtiger CRM refers to both cloud and open source versions of the CRM application offered by the company Vtiger
screen-lock a software feature that keeps users from accidentally sending input to a device
greenlets a Python C-extension that adds lightweight coroutines to the language, useful for cooperative multitasking.
bresenham A fast integer line-drawing algorithm invented by Jack Bresenham, or one of a family of algorithms derived from the original.
webmock Library for stubbing and setting expectations on HTTP requests in Ruby.
webproxy null
fosoauthserverbundle null
wmode null
wmd null
imx6 a series of microcontrollers based on the ARM Cortex A9 processor cores.
absolute-value a mathematical function that returns the non-negative value of a number without regard to its sign.
infopath-2007 a Microsoft Form Builder Tool used to create forms for Sharepoint.
imperative-programming a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation by explicitly describing its control flow in terms of statements that change a program state.
ifnull refers to the process of determining whether or not a particular object is null, and then running certain code based off of that condition.
htmlbars the EmberJS templating system replacement for Handlebars starting with v1.10.0
guzzlehttp null
electronic-signature digital representations of a person's signature.
execve null
flip-flop electronic devices with two stable states
function-object In object-oriented languages, function object is a feature that allows objects to be used like if they were ordinary functions.
fuzzing Testing software by presenting it with invalid input to find errors in input validation and handling.
mysqlnd The MySQL native driver for PHP is a drop-in replacement for the MySQL Client Library for the PHP script language.
maven-scm A plugin that allows you to perform Source Control Management operations through Maven.
jackson-modules null
knpmenubundle The KnpMenuBundle integrates the KnpMenu PHP library with Symfony2.
bandwidth-throttling the intentional slowing of the speed at which data is sent from the server to a client
database-versioning the management and tracking of changes made to a database
dac are expected to relate to some aspect of Microsoft Data Tier Applications or DAC
docutils a general purpose document processing system written in Python.
contentsize null
aio Asynchronous Input/Output, in computer science, is a form of input/output processing that permits other processing to continue before the transmission has finished.
usrp The USRP series of software-defined radio devices, designed and developed by Ettus Research, are commonly used with GNU Radio, OpenBTS, LabView, and Matlab
options-menu null
.app an extension given to application bundles on Mac OS X.
adam an LDAP-compliant directory service.
accessory Mode which allows Android-powered devices that cannot act as a USB host to still interact with USB hardware
share-button share some content.
argumentnullexception thrown when a null reference is passed to a method that does not accept it as a valid argument.
arduino-yun an Arduino-based device with a small OpenWRT Linux operating system in addition to Arduino programmability.
atexit a method for arranging a function to be called at a program's exit time.
apple-watch-complication small elements that appear on the watch face and provide quick access to frequently used data.
gammu an abstraction layer to work with different cell phones from different vendors .
garmin a company which develops and sells products relating to Global Positioning System systems.
alphabetical-sort Questions about alphabetical sorting, how lists of strings are typically sorted.
amazon-appstore a mobile application store for the Google Android operating system, available internationally.
contentoffset The point at which the origin of the content view is offset from the origin of the scroll view.
executequery null
dajaxice a JS-framework agnostic that focuses on decoupling the presentation logic from the server-side logic
database-tuning deals with optimizing the performance of a database
datatemplateselector null
data-files null
data-driven A programming paradigm in which the program statements describe the data to be matched and the processing required rather than defining a sequence of steps to be taken.
browser-addons A small program built into a browser that can perform special tasks, such as debugging.
browsermob-proxy based on technology developed in the Selenium open source project and a commercial load testing and monitoring service originally called BrowserMob and now part of Neustar.
clearcase-remote-client The IBM® Rational® ClearCase® Remote Client is an application designed to operate efficiently over high latency network or wide area network
libtiff.net The open-source .NET version of libtiff.
location-provider null
nnet Software for feed-forward neural networks with a single hidden layer, and for multinomial log-linear models.
family-tree a chart representing family relationships in a conventional tree structure.
everyauth an Authentication and Authorization framework for Node.js Connect and Express apps.
eureka a REST service for load balancing on AWS based installations.
gulp-browser-sync null
grails-2.4 the release of version 2.4 of Grails, a dynamic web application framework built on Java and Groovy, leveraging best of breed APIs including Spring, Hibernate and SiteMesh.
icollectionview An interface that enables collections to have the functionalities of current record management, custom sorting, filtering, and grouping.
ihttpmodule null
computed-observable a synchronously updated value based on other observables; if they change so does the computer observable, immediately
sonarqube-msbuild-runner null
indirection Any of various programming concepts related to the level of abstraction applied to a particular problem, algorithm or scenario
6502 an 8-bit microprocessor that was in common use as a microcomputer and video-game CPU from the late 1970s through to the early 1990s, notably powering products…
tin-can-api an e-learning software specification that allows learning content and learning systems to speak to each other in a manner that records and tracks all types of learning experiences.
node-serialport a Node.js library for talking to serialports across all major platforms.
coldbox an object-oriented, event-driven framework for ColdFusion that includes tools to help developers with bug reporting, logging, enterprise caching, debugging, i18n, URL rewriting, ORM integra…
phpthumb a PHP library used to create thumbnails from images on the fly.
smooth-streaming a video streaming format created by Microsoft
fossil a distributed version control system.
forums a medium of online communication whereby users hold conversations in the form of posted messages.
security-roles null
address-sanitizer a fast memory error detector for issues such as out-of-bounds access and more.
flask-migrate SQLAlchemy database migrations for Flask applications using Alembic
xpath-1.0 for questions specific to XML Path Language version 1.0
kiwi a Behavior Driven Development library for iOS development
ieee IEEE, pronounced stands for the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
literate-programming A literate program embeds source code in an essay documenting the program.
hierarchyid a TSQL extension available from SQL Server 2008 to map hierarchical structures in a flat table
pymel PyMEL makes python scripting with Maya work the way it should
errai a GWT-based framework for building rich web applications.
drone.io a hosted continuous integration service
parametric-polymorphism a programming language feature that allows values of different data types to be handled using a uniform interface
httpexception exception classes defined by various object oriented libraries that signal a problem during processing of a http request.
azure-traffic-manager a DNS-based global traffic-routing service
angular-ui-router-extras a component that adds additional functionality to Ui-Router, this additional functionality includes sticky states, deep state redirect and previous/future states.
state-management null
wurfl WURFL stands for Wireless Universal Resource FiLe.
vega a visualization grammar, a declarative format for creating, saving and sharing visualization designs.
rhadoop combination of R and Hadoop to manage and analyze data with Hadoop
rhapsody a visual development environment for systems engineers and software developers creating real-time or embedded systems and software.
samsung-mobile-sdk Samsung Mobile SDK allows developers create applications for Samsung mobile devices.
regexp-substr Oracle function that extends the functionality of the SUBSTR function by allowing searching a string for a regular expression pattern
pisa a Python HTML/XHTML/CSS to PDF converter
timeago a jQuery plugin that makes it easy to support automatically updating fuzzy timestamps .
table-per-hierarchy A technique that maps an inheritance hierarchy of objects to a single table in relational database.
throwable the superclass of all errors and exceptions in the Java programming language
template-function Functions that serve as a pattern for creating other similar functions
spp Serial Port Profile defines how to set up virtual serial ports and connect two Bluetooth enabled devices
stackmob A Backend as a Service provider that simplifies the set-up of network services for your website or mobile application.
stackview null
spotify-app no longer supported by Spotify
thunk A parameterless closure or a function generated by a compiler to aid runtime linking with a dynamic library function.
touchxml a lightweight replacement for Cocoa's NSXML* cluster of classes
unreal-development-kit Unreal Development Kit
uiaccelerometer The UIAccelerometer class lets you register to receive acceleration-related data from the onboard hardware
popcornjs an HTML5 javascript library for integrating the web into video production.
preconditions null
projector null
perfect a framework for developing web and other REST services in the Swift programming language
paytm a major payment solution provider in India
sgml Standard Generalized Markup Language is the precursor to XML and HTML
angstrom-linux a versatile Linux distribution designed for embedded devices like handhelds, set top boxes and network-attached storage devices.
reactive-extensions-js a set of libraries to compose asynchronous, resilient and responsive event driven programs using observable collections with ECMA Script5 Array#extras style c…
reactive-banana a Haskell library for functional reactive programming
codahale-metrics A java library to collect metrics about a software, especially servers, during run time and send it to a central system such as StatsD or graphite.
invokelater A method provided by the SwingUtilities class in Java that executes asynchronously code on the AWT event dispatching thread in order to correctly manipulate UI elements.
invitation null
stdatomic a class template in the C++11 Standard Library which provides atomic operations.
telerik-appbuilder Telerik AppBuilder enables you to use your skills in HTML, CSS and JavaScript to develop, test, and publish applications that run natively on the Apple iOS, Google Android and Microsoft Windows Phone …
kubeadm kubeadm aims to create a secure Kubernetes cluster out of the box via mechanisms such as RBAC.
backing-beans null
azure-vm-scale-set an Azure Compute resource you can use to deploy and manage a set of identical VMs
babel-jest A Babel transpiler to assist with the conversion of ES6 to ES5 for the Jest testing framework.
nextjs A framework for server-rendered or statically-exported React apps.
countdownlatch a synchronization primitive that allows one or more threads to wait until a certain number of operations are completed on other threads.
correctness In theoretical computer science, correctness of an algorithm is asserted when it is said that the algorithm is correct with respect to a specification.
windows-mobile-5.0 Windows Mobile 5 was Microsoft's latest operating system for handheld devices in 2005, which replaced Windows Mobile 2003
ngx-datatable Use this for questions about the ngx-datatable package for Angular 2+
recurring-events executed in consecutive cycles such as every frame of a graphics engine, or each clock cycle of a circuit, or simply code that is executed whenever an often event is triggered
jnienv a structure that contains the interface to the JVM
responsive-slides a jQuery plugin that automatically creates responsive slider using images inside a container.
xmla an industry standard for data access in analytical systems, such as OLAP and data mining.
react-css-modules Questions about react-css-modules, a higher-order React component that abstracts CSS Modules integration.
world-of-warcraft an MMORPG created by Blizzard Entertainment.
s3fs a FUSE filesystem which allows to mount an Amazon S3 bucket as a local filesystem.
checkmark null
file-comparison the act of comparing one file's properties with another's.
reportviewer2008 a .NET control that allows you to integrate reporting into your application
batch-insert null
automapper-2 Version 2 of a convention-based object-to-object mapper and transformer for .NET
xpathnavigator The XPathNavigator provides a cursor model for navigating and editing XML data.
hyphenation null
graylog an integrated Open Source log capture and analysis solution for operational intelligence.
web-project null
broken-links A broken or dead link that points to a webpage or server no longer available.
expression-blend-4 a user interface design tool developed and sold by Microsoft for creating graphical interfaces for web and desktop applications that blend the features of these two types…
tornadofx Any questions related to TornadoFX - a JavaFX framework for Kotlin.
platform-independent Software or peripherals intended to permit uniform functionality on multiple platforms, such as multiple operating systems or multiple devices.
nodejitsu a node.js cloud hosting platform that features Continuous Deployments and native Websocket support.
mobilefirst-studio MobileFirst Studio is an Eclipse-based IDE, allowing to develop, test, manage, and secure mobile applications.
short-url usually a generated URL to make it more readable and/or short.
mediamuxer null
ibmhttpserver a full-featured Apache-based web server that is included with other products such as IBM WebSphere® Application Server at no charge
eclipse-memory-analyzer a fast and feature-rich Java heap analyzer that helps you find memory leaks and reduce memory consumption.
feedburner a web feed management provider launched in 2004
ffmpeg-php an outddated PHP extension that adds functions for accessing and retrieving information about multimedia files
facebook-credits a virtual currency which can be used to purchase virtual goods
flashbuilder4 FlashBuilder 4 stands for the version 4 of Adobe Flash Builder - an IDE based on Eclipse used for building Flex/Flash applications.
fuzzywuzzy a Python package to perform fuzzy string matching.
nothing In VB.NET, Nothing refers to something which has not been initialized
linux-containers an operating system–level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems on a single control host.
kotlin-extension Kotlin provides the ability to extend a class with new functionality without having to inherit from the class or use any type of design pattern such as Decorator
iso-prolog ISO/IEC has standardized Prolog
basehttpserver used to make a simple HTTP web server.
biztalk-orchestrations A component of Microsoft BizTalk Server allowing you to program business processes, long running transactions, complex workflows and exception handling.
exact-match null
android-remoteview null
avkit an API developed by Apple Inc.
a-records a DNS record that can be used to point your domain name and host names to a static IP address.
android-parser null
postfix-operator A postfix operator immediately succeeds its operand, as in x! for instance.
activestate a software company which develops precompiled distros of Perl, Python, and Tcl as well as an IDE.
albumart A picture that represents the cover of an album
validating null
microsoft-edge-extension Extension development for Microsoft Edge browser.
execute-immediate An Oracle statement to execute a dynamic query or anonymous PL/SQL block.
content-encoding null
context-free-language In formal language theory, a context-free language is a language generated by some context-free grammar
custom-data-type null
createinstance null
dip short for Density Independent Pixel
bapi BAPIs are specific methods for SAP business objects, which are stored in the Business Object Repository of the SAP system and are used for carrying o…
jenkins-2 an extensible continuous integration server
network-security For questions relating to network security, local or internet, with respect to programming
modelmapper An intelligent object mapping framework that automatically maps objects to each other.
mpnowplayinginfocenter This class displays song information, such as the title, the author, and the album cover, on the lock screen and in the multitasking bar.
moovweb a mobile development framework that gives you total control over the user experience of your site.
ecore an implementation of the Object Management Group's Essential Meta-Object Facility used for object modeling in the Eclipse Modeling Framework .
eclipse-virgo a Java application server based the Eclipse Equinox OSGi runtime
extract-text-plugin null
hlist HList, which stands for , is a data-structure for a list of elements of different but known at compile time types
home-automation the residential extension of
icloud-drive a cloud storage by Apple
installutil a command-line utility that allows you to install and uninstall server resources by executing the installer components in specified assemblies
indexed null
expression-evaluation Anything related to expression evaluation, i.e
flextable A flexible table that creates cells on demand
ruby-2.2 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.2
xsp a simple, standalone webserver written in C# that hosts ASP.NET's System for Linux and other Unix operating systems
automated-deploy Automated code deployment to multiple servers.
autonumber null
multiple-versions null
gitblit an open-source, pure Java stack for managing, viewing, and serving Git repositories
higher-order-components null
uitableviewsectionheader null
boost-date-time a set of C++ date-time libraries based on generic programming concepts.
taglib-sharp a C# library for reading and writing most common formats of metadata for audio, video, and picture formats.
rdata a binary, R specific, file format used to store arbitrary R objects
organizer null
self-organizing-maps Type of Neural network
sequelize-cli The Sequelize Command Line Interface supports for migrations and seeders.
pdf-parsing Deals with extracting useful information from PDF content
layered-navigation Denotes questions related to layered navigation in Magento
hdfstore a Python interface that is part of the Pandas Data Analysis Library support for reading and writing HDF format files.
hbox a JavaFX API layout classes which help to display UI controls onto the scene graph
qt5.3 a cross-platform application development application and UI framework
ms-jet-ace a new version of the Jet database engine and is available in Microsoft Access 2007 and later.
blazemeter a self-service, web and mobile load testing platform providing developers an enterprise grade, out-of-the-box load testing solution
blobstorage null
reactjs.net ReactJS.NET REACT ♥ C# AND ASP.NET MVC
reentrancy Reentrancy usually refers to subroutines, functions, methods and mutexes
radians Questions regarding angular sizes, arguments for trigonometric functions geometry etc.
outlook.com a Microsoft webmail service: a translation of the Outlook desktop application to a web service using the Metro design language, it is scheduled to replace Microsoft's Hotmail service an…
tyrus a reference implementation of JSR-356: WebSocket API for Java
user-defined-literals a C++ language feature that allow the user to define new kinds of literal modifiers that will construct objects based on the string of characters that the lite…
trident Abstraction on top of Apache Storm for doing realtime computation.
visual-c++-2005 The November 2005 release of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows, also known as the VC8 compiler.
text-recognition null
tablename null
tableofcontents Use tableofcontents for questions related to the programmatic creation or editing of a table of contents via an API or formatting system
tableau-public the free-to-use version of Tableau, with some features limitation
synthesizer A sound synthesizer is an electronic instrument capable of producing a wide range of sounds.
tez aimed at building an application framework which allows for a complex directed-acyclic-graph of tasks for processing data
startmenu null
stdcall Anything related to the `stdcall` calling convention, i.e
voicexml designed for creating audio dialogs that feature synthesized speech, digitized audio, recognition of spoken and DTMF key input, recording of spoken input, telephony, and mixed initiative c…
watson-discovery to ask questions about the IBM Watson Discovery service.
windows-1252 the default character encoding used by text editors in the English version of Microsoft Windows
pagedown the JavaScript Markdown previewer used on Stack Overflow and the rest of the Stack Exchange network
onclientclick used to sets a client side script to be run when the Button control is clicked.
openfeint A social gaming platform for Android and iOS
promotions Promotions refer to the entire set of activities, which communicate the product, brand or service to the user
psr-0 PSR-0 describes requirements that must be adhered to for autoloader interoperability in PHP.
powerpoint-2013 for questions specific to the 2013 version of Microsoft's PowerPoint application.
plotmath plotmath provides mathematical expression plotting in the R language.
schtasks.exe Enables an administrator to create, delete, query, change, run, and end scheduled tasks on a local or remote computer running Windows
closed-captions the process of displaying text on a visual display to provide additional or interpretive information to individuals who wish to access it.
odroid a single-board computer and a tablet computer created by Hardkernel Co., Ltd., an open-source hardware company located in the Republic of Korea.
typemock a mocking framework used in unit testing .NET and unmanaged C and C++ code.
jison A parser generator for JavaScript.
atlassian-plugin-sdk for questions related to the Atlassian plugins SDK from the company Atlassian
atof the C runtime library function for converting the ASCII representation of a number to a floating point double.
audiocontext a modular interface for audio processing for the WebAudio API.
struts2-json-plugin Struts2 JSON Plugin
react-boilerplate React Boilerplate - A highly scalable, offline-first foundation with the best developer experience and a focus on performance and best practices.
nsstringencoding Enumeration in Objective-C Cocoa API that contains type for string encoding
zipinputstream A mechanism for reading zip-compressed data from a stream
symfony2-easyadmin a Symfony bundle that lets you create administration backends for Symfony applications with unprecedented simplicity.
livebindings a data-binding feature supported by both the VCL and FireMonkey in RAD Studio XE2 and later versions.
java-canvas A Canvas component represents a blank rectangular area of the screen onto which the application can draw or from which the application can trap input events from the user.
nscell The NSCell class provides a mechanism for displaying text or images in an NSView object without the overhead of a full NSView subclass
nsalert null
scala-option container for zero or one element of a given type.
const-iterator A C++ STL iterator with strictly read-only access.
aspectj-maven-plugin Handles AspectJ usage within Maven.
assembly-references null
nautilus the official file manager and desktop shell for the GNOME desktop
navigationservice a .NET Framework class which contains methods, properties, and events to support navigation
sideloading The process of transferring data between two local devices
3ds Autodesk® 3ds Max®, 3D computer graphics software for making 3D animations, models, and images.
visual-format-language Cocoa's language for specifying the layout of control objects on a visual canvas
hashicorp-vault A tool for managing secrets, developed by Hashicorp
gulp-protractor a gulp plugin that helps to run AngularJS end-to-end tests using Protractor framework
github-desktop an official desktop app for Mac and Windows, used to contribute to projects on GitHub and GitHub Enterprise.
google-beacon-platform A platform for marking up the world to make your apps and devices work smarter by providing timely, contextual information.
memo null
meta-search a Ruby gem that uses object-based searching for creating search forms.
method-invocation null
method-missing invoked on an object when you send it a message that it doesn't understand.
mvcmailer MvcMailer provides you with an ActionMailer style email sending NuGet Package for ASP.Net MVC 3
norm a MongoDB driver for .Net designed to provide access to strongly/statically-typed documents and collections
nl2br PHP function that inserts HTML line breaks before all newlines in a string
oauth-provider null
jsapi an application programming interface for cross-platform support of command and control recognizers, dictation systems, and speech synthesizers.
legacy-database null
lift-json the lift-json parsing and formatting utilities for JSON
mach the name of the foundational component of the XNU kernel, common to macOS, iOS, tvOS and watchOS
checked-exceptions The exceptions that need to be declared in a method or constructor's `throws` clause if they can be thrown by the execution of the method or constructor and propagate outside the method or constructor…
cedar the newest runtime stack for apps hosted on heroku.com
cacti an open source, web-based graphing tool, written in PHP, using RRD as storage, and RRDtool for graphing
configurationsection Represents a section within a configuration file.
exchange-server-2013 Microsoft released the milestone for Exchange Server 2016 on December 3, 2012.
color-profile a set of data that characterizes a color input or output device, or a color space, according to standards promulgated by the International Color Consortium …
pathgeometry a class in the System.Windows.Media namespace
mergetool resolve merge conflicts identified by source control systems like git, Mercurial, or Subversion/svn, such as kdiff3
superset an open source business intelligence web application that allows data exploration
altova an Austrian company that produces integrated XML, database, UML, and data management software development tools
ampps pre-configured stack for Apache, MySQL, MongoDB, PHP, Perl & Python shipped with the ability to use more than 335 pre-configured and ready for use by simple installation Apps.
.net-4.6.1 .Net 4.6.1 of the Microsoft .Net framework
.net-native a set of tools that enable .net applications to be compiled to native machine code.
asp.net-core-middleware Questions about Asp.Net Core's application pipeline that handles requests and responses.
aslr Address space layout randomization is a computer security technique which involves randomly arranging the positions of key data areas, usually including the base of the executable and position …
powerbi-datasource null
account-management null
quicklisp a library manager for Common Lisp
dialect a variation or extension of the language that does not change its intrinsic nature.
paster a set of utilities for web development in Python described as
django-aggregation django-aggregation refers to an ability to aggregate a collection of objects provided by Django database-abstraction API
djcelery djcelery refers to pluggable app for Celery integration with Django
biginsights IBM InfoSphere BigInsights brings the power of Hadoop to the enterprise
cakephp-bake Code generation tool for CakePHP framework.
lower-bound In mathematics, especially in order theory, a lower bound of a subset S of some partially ordered set is an element of K which is less than or equal to every element of S.
lob null
keypoint an interest point detected by the SIFT algorithm
jquery-selectbox Custom select box replacement inspired by jQuery UI source
jolt A JSON to JSON transformation library written in Java.
jedit a multi-platform open source text editor written in Java.
jackson-databind for questions related to jackson-databind library providing the data-binding functionality and tree-model for Jackson.
jasny-bootstrap an extension to the Bootstrap front-end framework, adding a number of features and components.
nse Non Standard Evaluation
mysql-insert-id Retrieves the ID from the previous INSERT query on this database connection.
nested-generics null
memory-fences A type of instruction that enforces ordering of a given set of operations.
google-cdn should be NOT used for questions regarding Google Cloud CDN, part of Google Cloud Platform; for that, use the 'google-cloud-cdn' tag instead.
gqlquery null
executors Use for questions related with machines playing the role of an executors, for example inside a cluster in a distributed computing environment.
endpoints-proto-datastore intended to be used with the Python version of Google Cloud Endpoints
engineyard a cloud application platform for Ruby based on Amazon Web Services.
fann a free open source neural network library, which implements multilayer artificial neural networks in C with support for both fully connected and sparsely conn…
aws-mobilehub for questions related to AWS Mobile Hub, which provides an integrated console that helps you build, test, and monitor your mobile apps
domready the DOMContentLoaded event, the document.readyState property, or any of a number of JavaScript plugins, utilities, and modules that handle this event and property
android-savedstate For questions related to Android's onSaveInstanceState and onRestoreInstanceState methods.
okhttpclient null
sqlfiddle A tool for easy online testing and sharing of database problems and their solutions.
screen-brightness null
flask-restless Flask-Restless provides simple generation of ReSTful APIs for database models defined using SQLAlchemy
autolisp the flavor of LISP implemented by Autodesk for AutoCAD.
unknown-host an error message that generates when a destination computer or host server name cannot be resolved
google-kubernetes-engine should pertain solely to the use of Kubernetes on Google Kubernetes Engine
munin a networked resource monitoring tool that can help analyze resource trends and problems.
bcel Apache Byte Code Engineering Library, an open-source library for inspecting and manipulating Java byte code files
bcnf Boyce–Codd normal form is a normal form used in database normalisation.
image-formats standardized means of organizing and storing digital images
beaker a library for caching and sessions for use with web applications and stand-alone Python scripts and applications
tfs-process-template used to configure a Team Foundation Server Team Project.
deeplink null
wpa Wi-Fi Protected Access - security protocol and security certification program to secure wireless computer networks.
qcheckbox a GUI class from the Qt toolkit which provides a checkbox with a text label.
random-walk a mathematical formalization of a path that consists in a succession of random steps
pgbouncer a lightweight connection pooler for PostgreSQL
orthogonal Orthogonal refers to a line that relates to another line by a right angle.
docopt Framework for creating command-line interfaces from docstrings.
jsreport an open source reporting platform where reports are designed using popular javascript templating engines.
yaxis null
ycsb Yahoo! Cloud Serving Benchmark : framework and common set of workloads for evaluating the performance of different serving stores.
s-function S-functions provide a powerful mechanism for extending the capabilities of the Simulink® environment
selectsinglenode Selects the first Xml Node that matches the XPath expression
server-administration null
salat a bi-directional Scala case class serialization library that leverages MongoDB's `DBObject` as its target format.
rets The Real Estate Transaction Standard facilitates data transfer between partners in the real estate industry via XML/webservice calls
pickadate The mobile-friendly, responsive, and lightweight jQuery date & time input picker.
psychtoolbox a MATLAB and GNU/Octave toolbox for the creation of visual and auditory displays
octobercms-backend null
oracle-apps Oracle Applications offers more than 200 applications that address specific category-based business requirements such as customer relationship management, financial management, governance, risk, and c…
pch Precompile Prefix Header
wcf-configuration a part of the .NET Framework that provides a unified programming model for rapidly building service-oriented applications
webcryptoapi A JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
web-user-controls null
value-of null
storefront null
string-interning A string pool allows a runtime to save memory by preserving immutable strings in a pool, so that instances of common strings can be reused throughout the application instead of creating multiple insta…
tfs-migration migration to TFS from another source control provider, including older versions of TFS.
systrace The systrace tool helps analyze the performance of an Android application.
systemtap tool to probe or trace a running linux system, supporting visibility into both kernel- and user-space
tdb an open source RDF database developed and maintained by the Apache Jena project
smartfoxserver A multiuser server platform for developing and running multiplayer games
virtual-attribute null
virtual-serial-port for question related to virtual serial port.
unwrap null
pydub a Python library for audio manipulation.
powershell-module sets of related Windows PowerShell functionalities that can be dynamic or persist on disk
yui-pure-css a set of reusable CSS modules created by the YUI team
state-restoration On iOS, State Preservation and Restoration can be used to save and reload app state to make app termination appear like a temporary interruption
criteriaquery null
ribbonx RibbonX brings Office programming into the modern age with XML-based UI declaration
property-list null
distcp hadoop tool used for large inter- and intra-cluster copying.
linear-search a method for finding a particular value in a list, that consists of checking every one of its elements, one at a time and in sequence, until the desired one is fo…
linearlayoutmanager A RecyclerView.LayoutManager implementation which provides similar functionality to ListView
safari-web-inspector The Web Inspector allows you to view the page source, live DOM hierarchy, script debugging, profiling and more!
amazon-dynamodb-streams for questions related to DynamoDB Streams, which provides a time ordered sequence of item level changes in any DynamoDB table
rethinkdb-python Python driver for RethinkDB
angularjs-forms null
test-runner null
pubsubhubbub A simple, open, server-to-server web-hook-based PubSub protocol
intel-galileo Intel's first product in a new family of Arduino-compatible development boards featuring Intel® architecture
hosts-file a computer file used in an operating system to map hostnames to IP addresses
hortonworks-sandbox null
hpple An XML/HTML parser for Objective-C, inspired by Hpricot.
react-bootstrap-table a react.js table based on the bootstrap's style
nstableviewcell null
xlink a web standard for creating hyperlinks to navigate an XML document.
symbolicate Use symbolicate for questions related to debugging a compiled program which has crashed by annotating stack traces with function names, file paths, and line numbers
ets a set of Erlang built in functions that aims to provide a way to store in memory a large amount of data with constant access time
jcarousellite a jQuery plugin for creating carousels
umask a Unix command to specify default permissions for the new files, created by the current user
sinon-chai Sinon–Chai provides a set of custom assertions for using the Sinon.JS spy, stub, and mocking framework with the Chai assertion library
missingmethodexception thrown when there is an attempt to dynamically access a method that does not exist.
requestjs Request - Simplified HTTP client
animator the superclass for animation classes which provide basic support for Android animations which can be started, ended, and have AnimatorListeners added to them
opentbs a PHP tool that enables you to create MS Office, LibreOffice, and OpenOffice documents using templates
spring-integration-sftp a network protocol which allows you to transfer files between two computers on the Internet over any reliable stream.
hyperparameters Machine Learning engines use hyper-parameters for their learning phase behaviour
consensus null
constraint-layout a type of layout that uses `anchors` and `edges` of views to mark their positions relative to each other.
node-soap a SOAP client and server for node.js.
android-looper used to run a message loop for a thread since threads by default do not have a message loop associated with them.
modal-window null
splitcontainer a object that allows the user to split a page/form in multiple sections with each section being resizable.
indexed-view null
sphero-api a set of tools provided by http://developer.sphero.com/ to enable developers to build apps for the Sphero robotic ball.
visual-recognition when asking questions about the IBM Watson Visual Recognition
dxgi Microsoft DirectX Graphics Infrastructure is often used in combination with Direct3D and is responsible for enumerating graphics adapters and display modes, selecting buffer formats, sharing re…
dwg proprietary file format for storing 2d and 3d design data, owned by Autodesk
feof available as part of the C Standard Library and checks whether the end of a stream has been reached
falconframework A high-performance python cloud API framework.
erl Erlang Emulator, starting an Erlang runtime system.
graceful-degradation the term used to describe the encapsulation of API specific calls such that your application can support the widest range of users
handwriting-recognition the ability of a computer to receive and interpret handwritten input.
google-cloud-stackdriver null
gnome-shell-extensions The Gnome Shell offers JavaScript bindings to customize and extend the shell behavior.
match-against null
multilinestring null
jgraph graph visualization library
jetty-8 Version 8 of Jetty, a widely used async java based http server and servlet engine supporting WebSockets and SPDY protocols.
jtogglebutton The JToggleButton represents button that can be toggled, similar to a check box.
loadimage null
bootstrap-accordion Extend the default collapse behavior to create an accordion with the panel component.
co The Co javascript library for generator based flow-control of asynchronous tasks
citrus-framework an Integration Testing Framework.
dataservice null
conditional-breakpoint In software development, a conditional breakpoint is an intentional stopping or pausing place in a program, put in place for debugging purposes, when a conditions such as the reading, writing, or modi…
customer null
currentculture a Thread property in the .NET System.Threading namespace or a CultureInfo property in the .NET System.Globalization namespace
coordinator-layout An Android Layout used as a container for a specific interaction with one or more child views
passwd unix/mac questions about password changes or storage, the related `.passwd` file or `passwd` command
build-agent null
method-resolution-order In object-oriented programming languages that support multiple inheritance, the method resolution order is the order in which parent classes are searched during dynamic method resolution.
airflow-scheduler The Apache Airflow scheduler monitors all tasks and all DAGs, and triggers the task instances whose dependencies have been met, and Apache Airflow is a platform to programmatically author, schedule an…
ajax-upload the process of asynchronously sending files to a web server using client-side JavaScript.
.a A static library of object code in UNIX/Linux that can be used by the link editor to create an executable program.
amplitude a measure of its change over a single period
android-touch-event null
appletviewer run Java applets.
custom-tag null
gamma Gamma questions pertain to non-linear responses in the display chain
kdiff3 a diff/merge program that compares or merges two or three text input files or directories and shows the differences line by line and character by character .
cordova-plugin-file This plugin implements a File API allowing read/write access to files residing on the device.
code-push questions regarding Microsoft's CodePush service for dynamic code updates to mobile apps
django-cors-headers A Django application that adds CORS headers to responses.
cloudpebble a website that provides a toolkit for developing apps using C and Javascript for the Pebble smartwatch through an online IDE.
bochs A highly portable open source IA-32 PC emulator written in C++, that runs on most popular platforms.
cakephp-3.1 Questions about the 3.1.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
listcellrenderer null
makecert a command line X.509 digital certificate creation tool included with Microsoft Visual Studio
laravel-collection A fluent, convenient wrapper for working with arrays of data provided by Illuminate\Support\Collection class.
jupyterhub With JupyterHub you can create a multi-user Hub which spawns, manages, and proxies multiple instances of the single-user Jupyter notebook server.
jpos an open-source, mission-critical enterprise software, based on International Organization for Standardization transaction card originated messages standard
multiple-axes null
neo4jphp PHP wrapper of the Neo4j REST interface
neo4j-apoc short for Introduced in Neo4j release 3.0, APOCs are callable procedures which extend the Cypher query language.Questions with the neo4j-apoc tag should be for …
nsurlsessionconfiguration An NSURLSessionConfiguration object defines the behavior and policies to use when uploading and downloading data using an NSURLSession object
gulp-inject a javascript, stylesheet and webcomponent injection plugin for Gulp streaming build system.
heroku-cli for questions associated with the Heroku Command Line Interface .
extra Terminal emulation for mainframes
epsilon The machine epsilon gives an upper bound on the relative error due to rounding in floating point arithmetic
globalize the I18n de-facto standard library for model/data translation in Ruby on Rails
imultivalueconverter an interface defined in Microsoft .NET WPF and used with MultiBinding data binding
native-methods null
gui-builder Graphical User Interface Builder for various IDEs.
genome the entirety of an organism's DNA sequence
inmobi a mobile advertising company that allows developers monetize their iOS, Android or Windows Phone.
inotifycollectionchanged is a .NET interface for providing collection subscribers notification on changes, mostly used in WPF UI binding.
stability null
human-readable a representation of data or information that can be naturally read by humans.
gremlin-server a component of Apache TinkerPop that allows for the remote execution of Gremlin-based traversals.
number-rounding Number rounding refers to the process of rounding numbers to a certain digit place .
scala-reflect In Scala 2.10, a new reflection library was introduced to add a more powerful toolkit of general reflective capabilities to Scala
nscombobox A kind of MacOS control that allows you to either enter text directly or click the attached arrow at the right of the combo box and select from a displayed
docker-build The docker CLI command for building docker images.
culling null
filehandler mechanisms which provide abstraction over primitive file operations.
fileset a structure to combine a group of files and perform actions on them.
batching null
turtle-rdf a textual syntax that allows RDF graphs to be written in a compact and natural text form, with abbreviations for common usage patterns and datatypes
turbogears TurboGears, another open source MVC-style Web application framework based on Python.
tumblr-themes null
zipoutputstream used to write ZipEntrys to the underlying stream
write.table null
rvo C++ copy-elision of return-values
rc4-cipher a widely used stream cipher
boost-any a C++ library that offers a safe, generic container for single values of different value types.
public-html null
ptx a virtual machine instruction set architecture used in Nvidia's CUDA programming environment.
treelist The DevExpress WinForms Tree List is a hybrid control that allows you to display data as a tree, a grid, or a combination of both, regardless of the complexity of the data
pushkit Copied from https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/NetworkingInternet/Reference/PushKit_Framework/index.html: The PushKit framework provides the classes for your iOS apps to receive pus…
putchar Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `putchar` or `std::putchar`
typescript1.6 Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.6
angular-flex-layout Questions about the Angular flex-layout layout engine
pygal A python SVG Charts Creator
qsortfilterproxymodel The QSortFilterProxyModel class, part of the Qt framework, provides support for sorting and filtering data passed between another model and a view.
intersystems a software company based in Cambridge, MA.
language-implementation Having to do with issues arising when implementing a programming language.
zebra JavaScript library that follows easy OOP concept, provides HTML5 Canvas based Rich UI and includes Java to JavaScript converter tool
xmltextwriter Represents a writer that provides a fast, non-cached, forward-only way of generating streams
wso2developerstudio WSO2's Eclipse-based IDE lets IT professionals develop, debug and deploy composite applications and Web services on-premises and in the cloud from one environment.
page-tables a data structure used by the virtual memory in the operating system to store the mapping between virtual addresses and physical addresses.
omnithreadlibrary a Delphi library meant to ease threading.
qgridlayout a class from the Qt toolkit which lays out GUI widgets in a grid.
sat In computer science, the Boolean Satisfiability Problem is the problem of determining if it exists an interpretation that satisfies a given boolean formula.
scite a text editor based on the Scintilla source code editing component
unsigned-long-long-int unsigned long long int specified in the C99 standard
uglifyjs2 A general-purpose JavaScript parser/compressor/beautifier toolkit developed on Node.js
transfer-encoding a data transfer mechanism in version 1.1 of the Hypertext Transfer Protocol in which a web server serves content in a series of chunks.
volatility null
volumes null
soda SODA - the Socrata Open Data API
smooch a chat API with SDKs for Web, Android and iOS.
sharpssh a .NET framework library for connecting to and retrieving files from an SSH/SFTP server.
stack-navigator null
sqldatetime is for questions related to how database SQL queries handle date and time information.
sysctl a Unix interface used to modify variables that the kernel uses to determine behavior
stateful-session-bean an enterprise bean that acts as a server-side extension of the client that uses it
standby a .
stripslashes A PHP library function for un-quoting a quoted string or paraphrased stripping slashes from a string
svn-merge Questions regarding SVN merge operations.
tasker an application for Android which performs tasks based on contexts in user-defined profiles or in clickable or timer home…
template-classes null
video-codecs Questions related to video compression and decompression methods
winmerge a Windows-based software tool for file/folder comparisons, and for merging text files.
select-into null
s-expression a notation for nested list or tree-structured data, popularized by the Lisp programming language.
set-difference The difference between two sets A and B consists of all elements that are in A but not in B.
readystate a property of both Document and XMLHttpRequest objects
resharper-8.0 a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio, including the VS2013 Preview
occi a high-performance and comprehensive API to access the Oracle database.
outlet null
output-parameter output parameters allow stored procedures to return data to the calling code.
partialfunction A partial function holds one or more of the inputs to a generalized function constant while allowing input of the other variables.
project-reference null
xml-simple The libraries for working with XML in Ruby or Perl.
hclust R function from {stats} package - hierarchical cluster analysis on a set of dissimilarities and methods for analyzing it.
backbone.js-collections For Backbone questions specific to Backbone's collections.
intraweb a tool for creating web forms applications emitted in HTML and Javascript, written in Delphi or C++ and built on the Visual Component Library.
qt5.7 Tag this only for the issues specific for Qt 5.7 and not for other versions.
proftpd ProFTPD, highly configurable GPL-licensed FTP server software
frontpage a design tool for web publishing which was part of Microsoft Office
bll a typical software engineering artifact within a Multitier architecture.
b2b acronym for Business-to-business
typeinfo null
urlconf null
osmf a free, open source, development framework for building video experiences on the web and desktop
stunnel a proxy designed to add TLS encryption functionality to existing clients and servers without any changes in the programs' code
capl Vector Communication Access Programming Language , the programming language foundation of Vector CANoe and CANalyzer.
windows-live Windows Live was the brand name for a set of services and software products from Microsoft; part of their software plus services platform.
ngif an open-source tool that creates the ability for .Net to make/read Animated Gifs
attoparsec A fast Haskell library for parsing ByteStrings
symfony3.x null
nsprogressindicator The NSProgressIndicator class lets a macOS app display a progress indicator to show that a lengthy task is under way.
hibernate-spatial a generic extension to Hibernate for handling geographic data
report-designer A collection of graphical query and design tools that are hosted within the Microsoft Visual Studio environment
gigya a provider of customer identity access management and social media integration tools that bind several social media platforms together
filemtime File Modification Time, also known as mtime
facescontext denotes the FacesContext class which is part of the Java Server Faces model view presenter framework
uievent A UIEvent object represents an event in iOS
grav a open-source, flat-file, PHP-based CMS.
secure-gateway The Secure Gateway service provides you with a secure way to access your on-premises or cloud data from your Bluemix application through a secure passage.
sef an open-standard, computer readable, text format that contains the schematic information of an EDI document
aspnetdb null
asp.net-web-api-helppages The ASP.NET Web API Help Page automatically generates help page content for the web APIs on your site.
sliders null
android-gui null
android-inputtype null
spin a popular open-source software tool, that can be used for the formal verification of distributed software systems
signalr-backplane a group of parallel connectors
soundplayer null
dynamicresource a Windows Presentation Foundation mechanism allowing the resources to be resolved during application runtime
dryioc small, fast, capable IoC Container for .NET
facebooker a Facebook Connect library for ruby that provides rails helpers for interfacing with Facebook's Open-graph JavaScript API.
information-hiding the ability to prevent certain aspects of a class or software component from being accessible to its clients, using either programming language features …
ice a distributed computing platform, backed by ZeroC.
gulp-less a gulp plugin for Less .
grails-2.2 a web application framework that uses Groovy and Java
graphaware GraphAware Framework speeds up development with Neo4j by providing a convenient platform for extending Neo4j with generic as well as domain-specific features
google-chrome-frame a plug-in designed for Internet Explorer based on the open-source Chromium project; it brings Google Chrome's open web technologies to Internet Explorer.
novacode-docx a .NET library that allows developers to manipulate Word 2007/2010/2013 files.
membase a key-value database management system that supports on-the-wire client protocol compatibility with memcached
m3u a computer file format that stores multimedia playlists
borderless Refers to a window, box, container or other element that has no borders.
bonita an Open Source Business Process Management system
chrome-web-driver an open source tool for automated testing of webapps across many browsers
wikimedia the foundation running Wikipedia and other sites
directx-12 DirectX 12 introduces the next version of Direct3D, the 3D graphics API at the heart of DirectX
datagridcell Represents a cell of a DataGrid control.
date-math null
code-statistics null
crate Avoid this ambiguous tag
cyclic-reference established if object A holds a reference to B while B holds a reference to A.
csharpcodeprovider .NET class that provides access to the C# compiler for compiling code.
ixmlserializable Provides custom formatting for XML serialization and deserialization.
messageui a framework for iOS that provides specialized view controllers for presenting standard composition interfaces for email and SMS text messages.
cfloop CFLoop: ColdFusion Loop This is a conditional loop
usertype userTypes takes care of handling differences between persisted data and data being showed on UI.
atan2 A function in many programming languages for computing the arctangent with two arguments
sharepoint-jsom a SharePoint Client Object Model that enables you to work with objects on the client side without having to deploy code on the server.
android-twitter Using the twitter API on Android
gcc4.8 GCC now uses a more aggressive analysis to derive an upper bound for the number of iterations of loops using constraints imposed by language standards
rotateanimation An animation that controls the rotation of an object
oxygene a general-purpose object-oriented programming language based on Pascal
path-dependent-type null
karma-webpack npm package to connect karma with webpack https://github.com/webpack/karma-webpack
code-signing-entitlements null
exact-online an online accounting program
dill a module which extends python's 'pickle' module for serializing and de-serializing python objects to the majority of the built-in python types
devkit a toolkit that makes it easy to build and use native C/C++ extensions.
cng the next version of the Windows CryptoAPI available since Vista
cinder a peer-reviewed, free, open source C++ library for creative coding
bspline the generalization of the Bézier curve which has minimal support with respect to a given degree, smoothness, and domain partition.
logstash-file Logstash File Input stream events from Files
jack a code library for handling real-time, low latency audio
isnullorempty null
isinstance a Python built-in function used to test whether or not a specific object is an instance of a particular class or type
gradle-experimental The new experimental gradle plugin for Android
grunt-contrib-connect a plugin for the Javascript task runner Grunt
heisenbug A software bug that disappears or alters its behavior when one attempts to probe, study, or isolate it.
http-token-authentication null
html5-validation HTML5 Validation refers to the constraint-validation engine in HTML5 which allows easy validation of forms.
flake8 Automatic syntax checker for Python, bundled with pep8, pyflakes and mccabe.
find-in-set MySQL FIND_IN_SET returns the position of a string if it is present within a list of strings.
frege a Haskell for the JVM
frameworkelement Provides properties, events and methods to elements to support WPF framework level capabilities such as layout, object lifetime events, databinding and styles.
e a hardware verification language which is tailored to implementing highly flexible and reusable verification testbenches.
electron-packager Use electron-packager for questions related to the packaging module for Electron apps
libreoffice-basic a procedural, interpreted programming language from the Basic family that can be used to write macros for applications in the LibreOffice Suite.
donations null
native-activity a convenience class provided by the Android SDK that notifies native code of any activity lifecycle callbacks and makes it possible to write Android application without any Java code…
geohashing a latitude/longitude encoding system using Base-32 characters.
touchmove null
webmatrix-2 a basic development envirnoment for creating websites
screeps a JavaScript based, programmable web browser MMO RTS.
scope-identity null
api-doc Inline Documentation for RESTful web APIs
uiedgeinsets an iOS data type that defines inset distances for views.
google-index null
facebook-permissions Permissions to access Facebook pages or API.
cufft a FFT library for CUDA enabled GPUs
ctype a function that returns the result of explicitly converting an expression to a specified data type, object, structure, class, or interface.
haar-wavelet a sequence of rescaled functions which together form a wavelet family or basis
webapi2 null
wdm a framework for device drivers that was introduced with Windows 98 and Windows 2000 to replace VxD
defineproperty An ECMAScript 5 method that defines a new property directly on an object, or modifies an existing property on an object, and returns the object.
error-checking null
zeos Database-components for encapsulating access to several databases at once for software development environments.
treetableview Questions about the usage of the JavaFx TreeTableView should use this tag.
pg-restore null
gpars The GPars project offers developers new intuitive and safe ways to handle Java or Groovy tasks concurrently, asynchronously, and distributed by utilizing the power of the Java platform and the flexibi…
angularjs-controlleras The Controller As syntax provides a way to access properties and methods of a controller declared on the controller via this
url-parsing the process of taking a URL and producing a representation of its constituent parts: scheme, host, port, path, query, and fragment
semantic-analysis In machine learning, semantic analysis of a corpus is the task of building structures that approximate concepts from a large set of documents.
pdfrenderer capable of drawing a PDF to various display mediums .
odata4j a new open-source toolkit for building first-class OData producers and first-class OData consumers in Java.
w3c-geolocation The W3C Geolocation API provides scripted access to geographical location information associated with a hosting device
django-flatpages a build-in extension that allows to store “flat” HTML content in a database and handles the management for you via Django’s admin interface and a Python API.
django-imagekit Automated image processing for Django models.
django-postgresql for PostgreSQL issues which are to be solved in accordance with Django coding best practices.
xades4j an high-level, configurable and extensible Java implementation of XML Advanced Electronic Signatures
msxml6 a set of services that allow applications written in JScript, VBScript, and Microsoft development tools to build Windows-native XML-based applications
kubuntu An official derivative of Ubuntu Linux that uses KDE as the default Desktop Environment.
clojure-contrib Extensions and enhancements to the Clojure libraries.
youtube-analytics-api A restful API provided by Google
zul ZK User Interface Markup Language
jstack Java Virtual Machine Stack Trace dumper tool.
powerview a visualisation and prototyping tool created by Microsoft and released as part of SQL Server 2012.
promela a verification modelling language used to verify the logic of parallel systems.
plotrix a plotting library for the R programming language.
plpython Questions about PostgreSQL's PL/Python procedural language
popstate for questions regarding the .
page-fault An interrupt that occurs when a program requests data that is not currently in main memory
openwhisk a distributed, event-driven compute service, or simply a serverless compute runtime
robobrowser a Pythonic library for automated web browsing and form handling
woocommerce-subscriptions null
word-2013 a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
webchromeclient an Android class to intercept JavaScript dialogs, loading progress, and other events.
vp8 a video compression format owned by Google, encoded with the libvpx software library, and released under a 3-clause BSD license.
timage a VCL component that allows one to output images.
svn2git multiple utilities called svn2git that do the same task, transforming an SVN repository into one or multiple Git repositories
target-platform The Target Platform refers to the plug-ins which your workspace will be built and run against
shell32 The shell32 manages the Windows graphicall shell
simperium a data layer that moves data instantly and automatically, everywhere it's needed
tilt a thin interface over a collection of Ruby template engines, that attempts to make their usage as generic possible.
tomee-7 the Java Enterprise Edition of Apache Tomcat that combines several Java enterprise projects
tween.js a simple tweening library for use in Javascript
uisplitview UISplitView represents a container with two views
usernotifications iOS 10 UserNotifications framework
sha2 sha-2 refers to the family of secure hash functions consisting of SHA-224, SHA-256, SHA-384, and SHA-512
realbasic an object-oriented version of the BASIC language intended for cross-platform development.
qtscript an ECMA262-compatible implementation of JavaScript
object-detection-api null
overlapped-io null
python-daemon Library to implement a well-behaved Unix daemon process
prolog-toplevel Prolog's REPL.
commandparameter null
datalog a query and rule language for databases that syntactically is a subset of Prolog.
octree a tree data structure in which each node has eight child nodes
nicescroll a jQuery plugin, for nice Desktop and Mobile scrollbars with a very similar iOS/Mobile style.
recursive-backtracking a general algorithm for finding solutions to a computational problem which incrementally builds candidates to the solutions and drops partial solutions which can not lead to …
gooddata refers to the GoodData SaaS Business Intelligence Platform.
maven-bundle-plugin Maven Bundle Plugin provides a maven plugin that supports creating an OSGi bundle from the contents of the compilation classpath along with its resources and dependencies.
activecollab project collaboration system
iron a extensible web framework for Rust.
nstextattachment used for embedding images into attributed strings
tab-ordering for questions about the order in which focusable controls can be navigated to using the tab-key of a computer keyboard.
worldpay Tag for entries relating to Worldpay, previously RBS Worldpay.
therubyracer a Ruby Gem that allows Ruby to access JavaScript objects and allows JavaScript to access Ruby object.
hibernate-session A main Java interface to Hibernate persistence service.
umd an API for JavaScript modules that are capable of working in browsers, on the server, or elsewhere.
css-reset a technique that allows you to make chosen elements display in the same way by default in different browsers
springsource an application framework for Java, orientated at Enterprise applications.
magic-square an arrangement of numbers in a square grid, where the numbers in each row, and in each column, and the numbers in the forward and backward main diagonals, all ad…
multi-table null
presenter In MVP pattern the presenter acts upon the model and the view
coldfusion-2016 a server-side rapid application development platform, from Adobe
model-driven An interface to support model component of the Struts2 MVC architecture.
pivotviewer a Silverlight data visualization control developed by Microsoft.
a2dp Advanced Audio Distribution Profile
editbox null
epub3 a third version free and open e-book standard by the International Digital Publishing Forum .
episerver-7 a web content management and e-commerce software platform based on the Microsoft stack.
facebook-analytics a product analytics tool that lets you quickly see data, analyze trends, and understand the behavior of people who use your app, website, and more.
infovis The JavaScript InfoVis Toolkit provides tools for creating Interactive Data Visualizations for the Web.
immediate-window One of the views used for debugging purposes in Visual Studio IDE and the VBA IDE
inputview null
hardware-programming null
hardcode the development practice of writing data considered as configuration or input directly in source code.
google-oauth-java-client For questions about the use of the Google OAuth Client Library for Java.
lzo a compression algorithm from the Lempel-Ziv family, which favours speed against compression ratio.
lightopenid a lightweight OpenID library written in PHP
leaflet.markercluster Animated Marker Clustering functionality for Leaflet, a JS library for interactive maps.
kernel-mode Kernel mode, also referred to as system mode, is one of the two distinct modes of operation of the CPU, in which core operating system components, including device drivers, execute.
memory-dump A memory dump contains the recorded state of the memory of a computer program
nsusernotification a key component of the programmatic interface to Notification Center
nedb Embedded persistent database for Node.js, written in Javascript, with no dependency
browsermob a simple utility that makes it easy to capture performance data from browsers.
camel-ftp Camel component for FTP/SFTP/FTPS protocols.
bitconverter Class in C# and Java that converts base data types to an array of bytes, and an array of bytes to base data types.
c++builder-2010 The August 2009 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
datagridcolumn A class that presents a data column in a datagrid.
datadog a monitoring service for IT, Operations and Development teams who write and run applications at scale and then turn the massive amounts of data produced by their apps, tools and services in…
dartium Dartium: Chromium with DartVM Support
messagedialog null
pac used by a web browser to choose the proxy server to be used using the specified URL as a criteria for the selection.
galleryview null
appframework a JavaScript library and the successor of jqMobi
apache-commons-cli The Apache Commons CLI library provides an API for parsing command line options passed to programs
apache-cayenne an open source persistence framework, providing object-relational mapping and remoting services.
aggregates Aggregate functions, typically found in SQL, derive summary values from multiple rows in a single column.
cfstring Apple's suite of functions in CoreFoundation for string-handling
downsampling null
columnstore stored by columns as compared to the traditional storage by rows
embeddable null
wgs84 the reference coordinate system used by the Global Positioning System
bitvector A data structure for an array of single bit values, usually with emphasis on memory-efficient storage and performance.
bounded-contexts a concept from Domain Driven Design
bootstrap-tour a quick and easy way to build your product tours with Twitter Bootstrap Popovers.
bootstrap-switch a twitter bootstrap plugin, that turns checkboxes and radio buttons into toggle switches.
mbr Master Boot Record: the first sector on disk, containing partition info
mod-security2 an open source, cross-platform web application firewall module
laravel-facade Facades in Laravel framework provide a interface to classes that are available in the application's IoC container.
kqueue a scalable event notification interface introduced in FreeBSD 4.1, also supported in NetBSD, OpenBSD, DragonflyBSD, and Mac OS X.
happstack a fast and flexible Haskell web framework.
google-console-developer Google Cloud Platform / Google Developer console lets you build, deploy, and scale applications, websites, and services on the same infrastructure as Google.
gnu-toolchain a broad collection of programming tools produced by the GNU Project
getparameter null
getelementsbyname In JavaScript and VBScript, the getElementsByName is a function which is used to access all HTML elements with a specified name
geotagging The process of adding geographical identification metadata to various media.
instafeedjs a dead-simple way to add Instagram photos to your website
installshield-2010 Relating to the 2010 version of the InstallShield software that helps install software on Windows.
flurry-analytics null
visual-paradigm a cross-platform modeling tool.
ncbi a National Center for Biotechnology Information, one of the most important websites used by bioinformaticians
collate Is a clause that can be applied to a database definition or a column definition to define the collation, or to a character string expression to apply a collation cast.
rsqlite An R package for interfacing with SQLite databases.
hyperion a set of performance management applications purchased by Oracle in 2007.
i18n-gem Ruby internationalization and localization solution.
construct-2 an HTML5 game development engine from Scirra
xsd-1.1 for questions specific to XSD version 1.1, the successor to XSD 1.0
web-platform-installer a tool for automating the installation of products pertaining to the Microsoft Web Platform.
fqdn a domain name that specifies its exact location in the hierarchy of the Domain Name System.
keystrokes null
union-find a data structure used for maintaining a partition of a set.
css-variables Variables allow to define stylesheet-wide values identified by a token and usable in all CSS declarations.
saxparseexception The Java exception which encapsulates an XML parse error or warning.
scala-2.9 Version 2.9 of the Scala language for the JVM.
nscolor An NSColor object represents a color, which is defined in a color space, each point of which has a set of components that uniquely define a color.
datetime2 A SQL Server type that defines a date that is combined with a time of day that is based on 24-hour clock
file-recovery null
ln for questions related to the `ln` command
illegal-characters null
ggally designed to be a helper to ggplot2
worklight-runtime IBM Worklight provides client-side runtime code that embeds server functionality within the target-environment of deployed apps
writable null
tapku an open source iOS framework built for iPhone & iPad.
onsaveinstancestate null
swrl a proposed semantic rule language based on combination of OWL-DL with Rule-ML.
swingutilities null
struts-action an adapter between the contents of an incoming HTTP request and the corresponding business logic that should be executed to process this request.
cortex-a8 based on the ARMv7 architecture and has the ability to scale in speed from 600MHz to greater than 1GHz
attr-accessible attr-accessible creates a white-list of editable attributes
pervasive-sql an ACID-compliant DBMS
fontforge a typeface editing tool.
go-gin a HTTP web framework written in Go.
gpsd a gps provider which provides the values of the current position
semantic-mediawiki a free, open-source extension to MediaWiki – the wiki software that powers Wikipedia – that lets developer store and query data within the wiki's pages
nexus-s a smartphone co-developed by Google and Samsung and manufactured by Samsung Electronics
python-os The Python os module provides a portable way of using operating system dependent functionality
django-errors django-errors refers to error reporting system in Django
protovis a visualization toolkit for JavaScript that takes a graphical approach to data visualization by allowing the user to specify how the data should be encoded in the marks representing it on …
cocos2d-x-2.x a game engine
fscheck a framework for random testing of .NET programs
relativesource null
xnu the name of the operating system kernel that underpins Mac OS X/darwin and iOS.
xcdatamodel null
predicates functions that return the boolean values, `True` or `False`.
pwd a shell command for
play-json The play.api.libs.json package contains data structures for representing JSON data and utilities for converting between these data structures and other data representations.
phishing a type of Internet fraud that seeks to acquire a user’s credentials by deception
outsystems the company that develops the OutSystems Platform - a custom enterprise web and mobile app development solution.
page-layout the part of graphic design that deals in the arrangement and style treatment of elements on a page
paintevent triggered when a GUI component needs to be repainted
rendertargetbitmap The RenderTargetBitmap class, part of the .NET Framework , converts a System.Windows.Media.Visual object into a bitmap.
real-time-clock null
remote-connection null
setsockopt null
server.transfer null
serialversionuid an optional attribute of Java classes to indicate the standard serialization/deserialization format version
sample-rate null
virtual-dom Use virtual-dom for questions related to an object model which mimics the structure of and intercepts events normally handled by the real document object model .
trendline null
toarray toarray, to convert from arraylist to array this method can be used
sharppcap a cross-platform packet capture framework for the .NET environment, based on the famous pcap / WinPcap libraries
symmetric null
spring-cloud-contract null
spartan a FPGA family of Xilinx
tracelistener The `TraceListener` class provides the abstract base class for the listeners who monitor trace and debug output.
userinfo null
undirected-graph An undirected graph has edges which have no orientation
winreg the python module for Windows registry access
routerlink null
rman a CLI tool for performing backups or recoveries on an Oracle Database.
opera-extension dedicated to development of extensions for the Opera browser.
oracle-ucm Oracle Universal Content Management, now WebCenter Content
xval a validation framework for ASP.NET MVC applications
xenapp XenApp virtualizes any Microsoft Windows application to make it available as software-as-a-service and give opportunity of central administration
zeep Zeep: Python SOAP client
zend-cache means one of the following: 1) The data cache functions of Zend Server 2) The Zend Cache Extension of Zend Platform 2) The component Zend\Cache of Zend Framework 2 3) The comp…
lead null
kudan null
entrust a plugin to add role-based permissions to Laravel.
netweaver a service-oriented application and integration platform.
django-pipeline An asset packaging library for Django
azure-configuration null
verbose Verbose programs explain it's intentions, behavior and results with a high level of detail
communicate null
reactphp a low-level library for event-driven programming in PHP.
laravel-queue null
orgchart An organizational chart
hp-alm the place to post questions about HP-ALM - HP Application Lifecycle Management
log4perl a Perl module that lets you remote-control and fine-tune the logging behaviour of your system from the outside.
pyvmomi the Python SDK for the VMware vSphere API that allows you to manage ESX, ESXi, and vCenter.
esi a small markup language for edge level dynamic web content assembly
artisan-migrate null
zipper a technique of representing a data structure so that it is convenient for traversal and updates, especially in pure functional languages.
nssearchfield An NSSearchField object implements a text field control that is optimized for performing text-based searches
mongoid4 Version 4 of Mongoid, an Object-Document-Mapper for MongoDB with Ruby
nrpe a Nagios addon used to execute Nagios plugins on remote Linux/Unix hosts.
autoregressive-models In statistics and signal processing, an autoregressive model is a representation of a type of random process; it describes the relationships of values at prior times to those of current times
facet-grid a presentation form which includes panels defined by facetting variables
unistd.h a C/C++ header files contains needed to provide access to the POSIX operating systems
jquery-dynatree a JavaScript tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, multiple selection, drag and drop, and dynamic Ajax loading.
google-groups-api null
identity-management broad term used for authentication and authorization systems
addressing-mode An addressing mode specifies how to calculate the effective memory address of an operand by using information held in registers and/or constants contained within a machine instruction or elsewhere.
scrapy-pipeline null
apache-spark-standalone Use for question related to Apache Spark standalone deploy mode .
ssms-2016 Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2016 is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server
mount-point a location in a directory structure to which a resource from another file system is attached
collabnet an American company that develops collaboration software and services for development teams.
class-template Anything related to C++ class templates, i.e
nodeunit A unit testing framework in node.js and the browser, based on the assert module.
modalpopup a window that is displayed on top of the main window and that disables the main window until the user has finished interacting with the pop-up window.
android-lru-cache LruCache holds strong references to a limited number of values
slidingpanelayout SlidingPaneLayout provides a horizontal, multi-pane layout for use at the top level of a UI
nanotime Anything related to programming languages functions allowing the retrieval of the current time with a resolution in the nanoseconds range.
wma May refer to Windows Media Audio format
sicstus-prolog an ISO-standard compliant Prolog dialect developed at the Swedish Institute of Computer Science
8-puzzle a 3x3 sliding puzzle that consists of a frame of numbered square tiles in random order with one tile missing.
soot an open source Java optimization framework.
formsets a layer of abstraction to work with multiple forms on the same page.
failovercluster Microsoft Failover Clusters
feign a java to http client binder inspired by Retrofit, JAXRS-2.0, and WebSocket
flannel an etcd backed network fabric for containers, an overlay network that gives a subnet to each machine for use with Kubernetes
er-diagrams a snapshot of data structures
icloud-api null
ibm-bpm a business process management platform by IBM
go-cd a Continuous Delivery server for automating the build-test-release cycle
google-cloud-dns a high performance, resilient, and global DNS service that provides a cost effective way to make your applications and services available to your users.
language-model null
leptonica open source software used for image processing and analysis.
kentor-authservices a .NET library for SAML2 protocol support, adding SAML2 Service Provider functionality to ASP.NET applications
knppaginator Paginator bundle for Symfony2 to automate pagination and simplify sorting and other features.
longest-substring a classic computer science problem: given two strings, find the common strings, then return the string in common with the greatest length.
loop-unrolling a loop optimization strategy.
jump-list A jump list represents a list of items and tasks displayed as a menu on a taskbar button in Windows 7 or later.
monkeytalk a cross-platform testing tool that records and plays back highly readable and maintainable test scripts for native iOS and Android apps, as well as mobile web and hybrid apps
memory-segmentation Memory segmentation refers to the practice of dividing a computer's memory in segments or sections.
bootswatch an open source project
buckets null
business-objects-sdk A software development kit to access users and groups, folders and objects, and services provided by BusinessObjects Enterprise
cleartimeout null
cellrenderer null
executereader A Microsoft .NET method that sends the `CommandText` to the `Connection` and builds a `SqlDataReader`.
dafny a programming language with built-in specification constructs.
dapper-extensions a small library that complements Dapper by adding basic CRUD operations for your POCOs.
cfmail ColdFusion tag for sending out emails.
packet-loss the failure of one or more transmitted packets to arrive at their destination
gamma-distribution Anything related to the gamma probability distribution, i.e
diagrams null
apache-hive null
android-xmlpullparser an efficient and maintainable way to parse XML on Android.
angular-ngselect null
shadows Shadows can refer to the background shading often used to produce a 3D effect
acpi Advanced Configuration and Power Interface, a specification that provides an open standard for device configuration and power management by the operating system.
android-doze Doze mode introduced with Android 6.0 Marshmallow as a power-saving feature.
utl-file An Oracle package to enable reading and writing of text files on the operating system.
gae-eclipse-plugin A Cloud deployment API partially free to use provided by Google
robustness the ability of a system to continue to run after it detects an error .
ag-grid-ng2 null
italic a cursive font.
directwrite a text layout and glyph rendering API by Microsoft
char-pointer a data type which holds the address of a primitive charter type variable.
cisco-ios Cisco IOS is the name of the operating system that is run by virtually all enterprise-class Cisco switches and routers, as well as in certain other Cisco networking pro…
mbtiles a file format for storing map tiles in a single file
non-nullable null
node-ffi Node.js Foreign Function Interface
jsonresponse Provides simple classes for JSON responses that adhere to a standardized structure.
ios9.2 iOS 9.2 was an update to iOS 9.1, the most recent version of iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices
java.nio.file This standard Java package defines classes and interfaces to access files, file attributes and file systems.
jaybird a JCA/JDBC driver for the Firebird database server
libwebsockets a lightweight pure C library built to use minimal CPU and memory resources and to provide fast throughput in both directions.
grinder a Java load-testing framework that makes it easy to run a distributed test using many load injector machines.
iggrid a feature rich jQuery/HTML5 grid component provided by Infragistics in their Ignite UI toolbox.
extrapolation a method of constructing new data points outside the range of a discrete set of known data points
event-driven-design the implementation of requirements through a queue of events that are triggered by user input
elixir-framework Frameworks for Elixir like Dynamo and Phoenix, that leverage the power of the Erlang VM to build high performance and concurrent web applications.
foreground-service null
gd2 open source code libraries for the dynamic creation of images by programmers
continuation-passing In functional programming, continuation-passing style is a style of programming in which control is passed explicitly in the form of continuation function.
visual-studio-community null
luhn a simple checksum formula.
winusb a generic driver for USB devices that was developed concurrently with the Windows Driver Frameworks for Windows XP with SP2.
native-ads null
tipsy jQuery plugin for creating Facebook-like tooltips
pixmap null
xsd2code a CSharp or Visual Basic Business Entity class Generator from XSD schema.
xs A language extension for Perl that can wrap a C library to make it a Perl library.
search-path null
search-form A search form consists of fields and controls that can be used for filtering and searching various content.
bpopup a lightweight jQuery modal popup plugin.
idatareader null
cts Android Comparability Test Suite, a suite of several thousand test cases to be run on an Android device from a host computer to test the OS and to ensure compatibility across Android implementations.
descendant null
object-tag an HTML tag
tsd a package manager to search and install TypeScript definition files directly from the community driven DefinitelyTyped repository.
gitbook a command line tool for building books and exercises using GitHub/Git and Markdown.
nspersistentstore the abstract base class for all Core Data persistent stores
nsnetservice The NSNetService class represents a network service, either one your application publishes or is a client of
strictmode **OBSOLETE** use `android-strictmode` tag instead!
chemistry For programming questions that involve chemistry - such as questions about programmatically working with chemical formulae, simulating chemical processes, or using chemistry-related libraries and APIs…
firebird2.1 For questions specific to Firebird 2.1
first-order-logic a formal logical system used in mathematics, philosophy, linguistics, and computer science.
session-replication a mechanism used to replicate the data stored in a session across different instances.
pessimistic-locking a strategy that will lock a database record, that is to be updated, for exclusive use until the update is complete.
osrm a high performance routing engine written in C++11 designed to run on OpenStreetMap data.
virtocommerce an Enterprise Open Source .NET eCommerce Framework.
odf The Open Document Format for Office Applications, also known as OpenDocument.
waithandle null
xamlreader XamlReader Class reads XAML input and creates an object graph, using the WPF default XAML reader and an associated XAML object writer.
mtu In computer networking, the MTU of a communications protocol of a layer is the size of the largest protocol data unit that the layer can pass onwards.
reactive-forms null
angular1.6 null
django-paypal a pluggable Django app that implements with PayPal Payments Standard and Payments Pro
blobs null
blame the annotation of source code showing who last edited each section or line.
code-complexity measure of the degree of complexity in code.
cloudfiles Rackspace's Object Storage service, based on OpenStack Swift.
backlog catalogue of pending tasks in scrum terminology.
lcm the smallest positive integer that is divisible by both a and b.
create-react-native-app null
otool command line tool of MacOS X that displays info of an object
oracle-fusion-middleware Oracle Fusion Middleware provides software for the development, deployment, and management of service-oriented architecture .
openvz a virtualization technology based on the Linux kernel and operating system.
pairing Bonding of two devices, eg two smartphones, or a computer and keyboard
perl5 Version 5 of the Perl programming language.
py4j Py4J enables Python programs to dynamically access arbitrary Java objects
proxies null
rivets.js a lightweight and powerful data binding + templating solution for building modern web applications.
roxygen an in-source documentation system for R
salesforce-lightning Salesforce Lightning includes Lightning Experience, Lightning Design System, Lightning App Builder, Lightning Components and Design System React
sdlc The Software Development Lifecycle is a process methodology for software development
researchkit an open source software framework that makes it easy to create apps for medical research or for other research projects.
qtserialport The QtSerialPort module provides classes to make serial port programming easier and portable.
raw-types a feature of generics in the Java language
wan a telecommunication network that covers a broad area .
visualworks a cross-platform implementation of the Smalltalk language.
ubuntu-15.10 Ubuntu operating system, version 15.10
traceur a JavaScript next-to-JavaScript-of-today compiler that allows you to use features from the future today.
spark-csv A library for handling CSV files in Apache Spark.
significance null
sikuli-script SikuliX = Sikuli IDE + Sikuli Script So, Sikuli Script = SikuliX - Sikuli IDE
tensorflow-estimator a high-level machine learning API
texturing null
tableheader null
tab-delimited-text Delimiter-separated text where the delimiter is a tab character
submitchanges Computes the set of modified objects to be inserted, updated, or deleted, and executes the appropriate commands to implement the changes to the database.
subrepos Mercurial can include other repositories in a checkout
simplecart A free and open-source javascript shopping cart that easily integrates with your current website.
sites null
squish a cross-platform/cross-technology GUI test automation tool for functional GUI regression tests.
stack-memory Questions regarding process stack memory
tombstoning For Windows Phone applications, tombstoning is the process in which some data about the application state are saved upon app termination so that this state is re-created if the user navigates back to …
resnet null
regfreecom a Microsoft technology that activates COM components without using the Windows registry to store COM registration information.
sf to provide a complete, standardized implementation of simple features in R, with links to GDAL, GEOS and Proj.4.
picklist null
porter-duff In computer graphics, alpha compositing is the process of combining an image with a background to create the appearance of partial or full transparency
command-substitution the replacement of a command with the result returned after it is evaluated.
yamldotnet a .NET library for YAML
blackberry-android The BlackBerry Runtime for Android allows most Android applications targeting version 2.3.3 to run on the BlackBerry 10 and BlackBerry PlayBook operating system.
angular2-material null
vectordrawable null
angular-cookies null
ods an extension of spreadsheet files in Open Document Format for Office Applications .
safaridriver implemented as a Safari browser extension
typelib a standard format for interface descriptions
urlhelper null
windows-error-reporting a set of Windows technologies that capture software crash and hang data from end-users of Windows.
countries null
corona-storyboard A management library that provides developers an easy way to create and transition between scene modules in a Corona SDK app.
corespotlight iOS framework that provides a database-like API that lets you add, retrieve, update, and delete items that represent searchable app content.
pulse null
chefspec a unit testing framework for testing Chef cookbooks
mixitup a jQuery plugin providing animated filtering and sorting.
tamil can be used in questions that relate to encoding standards, fonts, and the readability of the Tamil language.
wp-list-categories A WordPress built-in function that can be used to display a list of categories.
geturl geturl can refer to a specific function in a library, API or framework
listgrid A graphical user interface element that presents a tabular view of data.
file-pointer A pointer set to a file.
sbt-plugin A plugin extends the build definition, most commonly by adding new settings
vs-2015-preview a version of Microsoft's Visual Studio
multi-step null
multiple-users null
idn Internationalized domain name, an Internet domain name containing non-ASCII characters.
google-identity The Google Identity Platform consists of identity tools from Google to help you quickly build an authentication system for reducing the friction of getting users into your app.
xslcompiledtransform null
ec2-api-tools Command-line scripting tools for interfacing with Amazon's EC2 computing platform.
constructor-overloading used to increase the flexibility of a class by having alternative constructors for a single class
constant-expression Constant expressions can be evaluated at compile time.
gtable an R package used to facilitate the layout of graphics based on the grid package.
dotnetrdf a free and open source library for working with RDF and SPARQL in .Net 3.5 and higher
aws-step-functions AWS Step Functions facilitates coordination the components of distributed applications and microservices using visual workflows
dynamic-compilation null
libreoffice-base a standalone database/form application which allows you to manage data organized into tables.
gkturnbasedmatch The GKTurnBasedMatch class allows your game to implement turn-based matches between sets of players on Game Center
framerjs Framerjs - JavaScript Framework for rapid prototyping animation and interaction on desktop and mobile.
filter-var a PHP function to filter variables based on various filter flags
elementhost a `Windows Forms control` that can be used to host a Windows Presentation Foundation element.
ical4j a Java API that provides support for the iCalendar specification as defined in RFC2445.
hgrc Configuration file used by Mercurial to customize behavior
ios6-maps Apple's mapping software introduced with IOS6 to replace the existing Google Maps integration.
intermediate-language An intermediate language, in compiler design, is a low-level language that typically resembles an idealized assembly language, often a textual representation of bytecode for a virtual machine
node-fibers a particularly lightweight kernel thread scheduler dependent thread of execution using co-operative multitasking.
nvelocity a port of the Apache Jakarta Velocity project
namevaluecollection a .Net collection of string keys and string values that can be accessed either with by key or by the index.
memmove a C standard library function to copy a block of memory
mod-ssl The Apache Httpd interface to OpenSSL
mnemonics null
clipboarddata Questions dealing with editing and using clipboard data.
clrstoredprocedure is stored procedure for Microsoft SQL Server which is built using .NET Framework.
chain-of-responsibility Design pattern consisting of a source of command objects and a series of processing objects
bus-error null
boundfield null
botkit a toolkit for making bot applications
conflicting-libraries null
cgpdfdocument null
uwp-community-toolkit a collection of helper functions, custom controls, and app services
accelerator Collection of development solutions for IBM and Windows platforms using LANSA, and/or Microsoft .Net technologies provided by Surround Technologies
application-bar null
asiformdatarequest null
asp.net5 ASP.NET5 was name of the next generation of Microsoft's ASP.NET framework
avurlasset should be used for questions about the AVURLAsset class of the AVFoundation framework used in iOS, macOS, and tvOS.
apple-mail null
360-panorama null
sharepoint-2016 For SharePoint specific questions, please see the SharePoint Stack Exchange site
ajax.net a set of extensions to ASP.NET implementing Ajax functionality
passphrase a sequence of words or other text used to control access to a computer system, program or data
message-digest null
bulletedlist a list of items preceded with bullets instead of numbers or other objects
colormatrix a 5x4 matrix which typically allows to do color operations on 4-channel images.
django-2.0 the current version of the Django framework, released December 2017
dcast null
checkboxpreference boolean values stored in SharedPreferences
pocketsphinx-android Pocketsphinx library on Android
mimekit A cross-platform .NET MIME creation and parser library with support for S/MIME, PGP, TNEF and Unix mbox spools.
mpld3 The mpld3 project brings together Matplotlib, the popular Python-based graphing library, and D3js, the popular Javascript library for creating interactive data visualizations for the web.
metastore null
maxdate null
mysql-event The MySQL Event Scheduler manages the scheduling and execution of events: Tasks that run according to schedule
notsupportedexception thrown when an invoked method is not supported, or when there is an attempt to read, seek, or write to a stream that does not support the invoked functionality.
java-service-wrapper The Java Service Wrapper enables a Java Application to be run as a Windows Service or Unix Daemon.
lfs For Git LFS, use the tag
kendo-tabstrip A tab strip component of Kendo UI framework.
initialization-vector null
impdp null
fixed-header-tables Tables in which the first row is fixed .
forkjoinpool for questions related to ForkJoinPool, a Java class, which provides the entry point for submissions from non-ForkJoinTask clients, as well as management and monitoring operations.
glassfish-embedded null
mediainfo is a convenient unified display of the most relevant technical and tag data for video and audio files.
biml BIML, Business Intelligence Markup Language, is a DSL that describes business intelligence entities .
mysqlconnection Before you can get content out of your MySQL database, you must establish a connection to MySQL from inside your script.
skybox a method of creating backgrounds to make a computer and video games level look bigger than it really is
snow The R package `snow` provides a high-level interface for using a cluster of workstations for parallel computations.
xslt-3.0 for questions specific to XSL Transformations version 3.0 and no other version.
ibinspectable a keyword that enables a property to be set from Xcode Interface Builder.
branching-strategy null
gridfs-stream a node.js module that provides streams for writing to and reading from GridFS on MongoDB.
jquery-address A JQuery plugin that provides an API to add deep linking capabilities to the web application and allows the creation of unique URLs that can point to a website section or an application state.
automapper-5 null
control-m workload automation software obtained by BMC Software via its 1999 acquisition of New Dimension Software.
npm-request a node package designed to be the simplest way possible to make http calls
deploying null
fileobserver A simple abstract class developers can use to detect changes to a directory and fire callbacks as a result.
wcs IBM WebSphere Commerce, also known as WCS , is a software platform framework for e-commerce, including marketing, sales, customer and order processing functionality in a tail…
chr a function in Python or PHP which returns the character that corresponds to an ASCII code point.
pytest-django about pytest-django, a module for pytest that allows testing of django-webframework projects.
pysftp a thin wrapper over paramiko's SFTPClient.
xinput an API that allows applications to receive input from the Xbox 360 Controller for Windows
pubmed a free online database accessing the MEDLINE database of references and abstracts on life sciences and bio-medical topics
captiveportal null
canvg an SVG parser and renderer
qapplication part of the Qt C++ classes manages the GUI application's control flow and main settings.
transitive-closure null
howler.js an audio library for the modern web
hssf HSSF provides Java APIs to read / write Microsoft Excel 2003 and before files
ng-include a directive for AngularJS and is included in the ng module
paragraphs null
parallel-testing null
firebase-job-dispatcher a library for scheduling background jobs in your Android app.
google-app-invites null
typed-racket a statically typed dialect of the Racket Scheme-derived language, that eases the migration from untyped to typed code.
android-auto A system and associated APIs for enabling display of Android apps on vehicle head units.
orleans An implementation of the Virtual Actor model in .NET, designed for building high scale, concurrent, distributed systems in the cloud.
app-startup a focus of application startup include configuration, startup time optimization, locking/threading/race conditions, preconditions, and configuration changes.
amazon-echo a Virtual Personal Assistant produced by Amazon
feature-branch null
babel-loader null
documentfilter a Java Swing class that allows filtering of modifications to Document objects.
qt-jambi a Java binding of the cross-platform application framework Qt
ms-solver-foundation a framework for modeling optimization problems
ms-project-server-2013 Microsoft Project Server 2013 offers flexible solutions for project portfolio management and everyday work, enabling you to effectively execute and achieve strategic priorities.
verbosity the amount of information that is logged or printed to console
codegen Use codegen for questions related to language features or tools which facilitate translating code between languages or creating code from metadata
code128 A very high-density barcode semiotics used for alphanumeric or numeric-only barcodes.
protege4 the fourth version of a free, open-source platform that provides a growing user community with a suite of tools to construct domain models and knowledge-based applications with ontologies…
xceed-datagrid null
zbuffer store the maximum Z coordinate of any feature plotted at a given location on the screen.
cloudfoundry-uaa a web service provided by Cloud Foundry to manage users and OAuth2 clients.
static-class In object oriented programming a static class is a class whose members must be accessed without an instance of the class
proximitysensor One of the several sensors present on an Android device
pox a network controller written in Python that communicates with OpenFlow 1.0 switches to manage Software Defined Networks.
prolog-dif a Prolog built-in predicate to express in a sound manner syntactic inequality.
orca a table-editing tool that can be used to edit .msi files.
runner null
retrieve-and-rank Use the Retrieve and Rank tag when the question is about the IBM Watson Retrieve and rank service.
ready-api refer Profession software edition from SmartBear such as SoapUI NG Pro, LoadUI NG Pro, Secure, ServiceV, and API Monitoring.
ransac an abbreviation for
vlsi the process of creating integrated circuits by combining thousands of transistors into a single chip
sketchflow a user experience prototyping module implemented in Expression Blend.
strongly-typed-view null
storagefile The StorageFile class represents a file in Windows Store apps
system.componentmodel The System.ComponentModel namespace provides classes that are used to implement the run-time and design-time behavior of components and controls
template-literals null
staruml a free open-source Unified Modeling Language and Model Driven Architecture tool
site-prism a simple, clean and semantic DSL for describing your site using the Page Object Model pattern, for use with ruby & Capybara in automated acceptance testing.
spongycastle a repackage of the Bouncy Castle Java cryptographic libraries, targeted specificlly at Android
wake-on-lan an Ethernet computer networking standard that allows a computer to be turned on or woken up by a network message
tolower In C / C++ tolower function converts a given character to lowercase according to the character conversion rules defined by the currently installed C locale
reason a syntax and toolchain powered by OCaml
run-configuration Run configurations enable a user of an IDE such as IntelliJ or Eclipse to save repeatable actions performed within the IDE
sharepoint-search null
select2-rails Rails asset pipeline integration of the jQuery Select2 plugin.
orchardcms-1.9 a Content Management System build on top of ASP.NET
oracle8i A relational Database Management System released in 1999
printscreen null
preact Used for questions related to Preact, a fast 3kb alternative to React.
psake psake is a build automation tool implemented in Windows PowerShell.
porter-stemmer An algorithm designed to remove common morphological and inflectional endings from English words.
crittercism a venture-funded startup company that has built a scalable crash reporting and customer support SDK for iOS, Android and WindowsPhone 8 apps.
enterprise-distribution A distribution mechanism in Apple's Enterprise Developer Program, for hosting and distributing proprietary apps for a specific organization, outside of the App Store.
kubernetes-health-check null
zend-debugger a web server extension providing support for remote debugging of the PHP language.
xcode9.1 the latest stable release of Xcode Tool
mt4 a software platform for manual and automatic trading, including free clients for Windows, iPhone, and Android, as well as server-side modules for processing trade …
inversion null
xapian Open Source Search Engine Library with bindings to allow use from Perl, Python, PHP, Java, Tcl, C#, Ruby and Lua
google-tasks-api The Google Tasks API provides developers with a powerful set of API endpoints for searching, reading, and updating Google Tasks content and metadata.
osi The Open Systems Interconnection Model - 'provide
pffile null
force-download null
angularjs-bootstrap For programming questions regarding using the Bootstrap components written in pure AngularJS
sentestingkit Apple's install of OCUnit on Mac OS X 10.4.
url-masking null
parallax.js Simple, lightweight Parallax Engine that reacts to the orientation of a smart device
audacity free software, cross-platform digital audio editor and recording application
hosted null
treemodel null
query-tuning null
raiserror null
nstablecellview a reusable container view shown for a particular cell in an NSTableView instance that uses rows for content.
zeus an environment preloader for Ruby, so that your development tasks such as console, server, generate, and specs/tests take less time to load.
onselect null
open-closed-principle In object-oriented programming, the open/closed principle states
rdma RDMA refers to which is a set of networking technologies typically used for high performance, low latency communication.
minute null
csv-import CSV Import refers to execution of a script that parses a CSV file and imports structured data in a database.
greenfoot an environment that makes it very easy to create 2D animations and games using Java.
nuke a VFX node-based compositing package created by The Foundry, used for feature films, television, VR, and commercials.
webkit-transform The webkit-transform properties provide some easy-to-use functions for the most common operations and a function to specify a generic transformation
iasyncresult Questions аbout IAsyncResult .net interface that represents the status of an asynchronous operation.
i3 a tiling window manager
hypothesis-test choose between competing hypotheses about one or more probability distributions
hxt a collection of tools for processing XML with Haskell.
preserve A process of keeping a particular fragment from entity while replacing the rest of it.
sqlparameter a .NET class for representing SQL parameters in SqlCommands
xpsdocument a class that renders XPS documents in WPF
generic-type-argument null
mockups The most common use of Mockups in software development is to create user interfaces that shows the end user what the software will look like without having to build the software or the underlying func…
modbus-tcp A messaging structure developed by Modicon in 1979
wix3.9 For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 3.9.
doors Rational Dynamic Object Oriented Requirements System is a requirement management tool and has its own programming language called DOORS eXtension Language
glasspane used in Java, is useful, when you want to be able to catch events or paint over an area that already contains one or more components.
filetable FileTable helps integrate SQL Server Databases with FileSystem storage by leveraging existing FILESTREAM capabilities.
dtls a protocol that provides communications privacy for datagram protocols.
eregi PHP function for case insensitive regular expression matching
end-of-line The end of a physical line
info a software utility which forms a hypertextual, multipage documentation and help viewer working on a command line interface, useful when there is no GUI available.
google-prediction Google's cloud-based machine learning tools can help analyze your data to add machine learning features to your applications
google-cloud-python if you are going to refer something from Python libraries OR API Clients of Google Cloud Platform.
kendo-upload Upload widget supporting also asynchronous uploads - part of Kendo UI.
longjmp a non-local jumping function that can jump across functions.
long-double Questions related to `long double` floating-point data-type as commonly found in languages like C and C++
locals null
julian the integer part of the Julian date
jquery-lazyload a jQuery plugin written in JavaScript
jpasswordfield The Java Swing component for a single line of masked text input .
bonobo a Windows based Git Server that runs on IIS and ASP.NET-MVC.
bash-trap for questions about the `trap` Bash built-in.
device-policy-manager a Java class in Android where device policies can be set by a third party Device Administrator application.
ember-app-kit a robust starter kit for developing applications in Ember.js
craftyjs an HTML5 game engine written in JavaScript which helps you create games in a structured way
cpuid an Intel x86 and x86_64 processor instruction that returns the processor type and the presence of particular features.
patching null
suite null
apache-chemistry an open source implementation of the CMIS content management interchange standard
android-mediaprojection an Android class that facilitates capturing the screen and recording system audio.
asdf a tool for describing how source files are organized: what depends on which and when
arabic-support The issues relating to the support of the Arabic language.
account-kit provided by Facebook to enable password less logins through any app by using their SDK
amend Parameter of git-commit command that adds the current staging area to the last commit and allows you to edit previously used commit message or reuse it or ev…
activesupport-concern null
adomd.net a Microsoft .NET Framework data provider that is designed to communicate with Microsoft SQL Server Analysis Services
micropython a Python interpreter
airplane a setting to disable the device's signal transmitting functions on mobile devices.
uwp-maps a mapping platform provided by Microsoft, offering 3D data, offline maps, streetside imagery, POIs and many other location-aware features
crash-log null
core.autocrlf a configuration setting for Git controlling automatic conversion of line endings.
compiler-directives a language construct that specifies how a compiler should process its input.
devil a programmer's library to develop applications with very powerful image loading capabilities, yet is easy for a developer to learn and use
dendextend Questions on the R package dendextend
podfile a specification that describes the dependencies of the targets of one or more Xcode projects
wikidata-api Related to the use of the MediaWiki API on Wikidata
circe a JSON library for Scala .
interruption null
neighbours null
metaio metaio produces APIs for Augmented Reality.
mikroc a full-featured ANSI C compiler for PIC devices from Microchip®.
har the HTTP Archive format that can be used by HTTP monitoring tools to export collected data.
handwriting a person's particular and individual style of writing with pen or pencil.
handlebarshelper HandlebarsHelper will help you bundle your templates in an ASP.Net application
input-sanitization null
inherited-resources Inherited Resources speeds up development by making your controllers inherit all restful actions so you just have to focus on what is important.
elasticsearch-rails Ruby and Rails integrations for Elasticsearch -> https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-rails
formpanel A panel that wraps its contents in an HTML <FORM> element.
libmemcached an open source C/C++ client library and tools for the memcached server.
specs null
mysql-5.1 a version of the popular database system MySQL and included an event scheduler, partitioning, plugin API, row-based replication and server log tables
guice-servlet Guice's servlet extensions allow you to completely eliminate web.xml from your servlet application and take advantage of type-safe, idiomatic Java configuration of your servlet and filter components
pkgbuild Build utility for OSX and iOS installer components.
ccl a Common Lisp implementation.
hyperjaxb HyperJaxb3 adds JPA annotations to jaxb classes.
sectionheader null
add-filter null
rtl Register-transfer-level abstraction is used in hardware description languages like Verilog and VHDL
convex Anything related to convex geometric shapes
spring-jmx The JMX support in Spring provides you with the features to easily and transparently integrate your Spring application into a JMX infrastructure.
beautifier the name for a class of tools that perform code formatting.
bcrypt-ruby The bcrypt Ruby gem provides a simple wrapper for safely handling passwords.
file-encodings In communications and Information processing, file-encoding is the process by which information from a source is converted into symbols to be communicated.The tag file-encoding refers to programming r…
hackage the central package archive for open-source software in the Haskell programming language.
gwtquery a jQuery-like API written in GWT
lmfit a Python library for Least-Squares Minimization with Bounds and Constraints.
t-test Related to statistical hypothesis testing
thinktecture-ident-model a versatile helper library to make working with Claims Based Authentication and Windows Identity Foundation easier.
openpop open source POP3 client and MIME parser written in C#
re2 a fast, safe, thread-friendly alternative to backtracking regular expression engines like those used in PCRE, Perl, and Python
mit-scratch a graphical drag-and-drop language developed by MIT.
arrayfire a software library that simplifies GPU computing.
pysvn a library extension, and client program for accessing SVN repositories in the Python programming language.
drop-table The SQL command for deleting an entire table.
pumping-lemma prove that a language is not regular/context-free.
hotfix a single, cumulative package that includes information that is used to address a problem in a software product, i.e
windows-live-id the email address and password you use to sign in to any of the following: Xbox LIVE Zune Hotmail MSN Messenger Find My Phone OneDrive
firebase-invites Firebase Invites gives you the tools you need to turn your current customers into your biggest advocates
redis-py A Python interface to the Redis key-value store.
pellet a Java based reasoning software that performs entailment tasks for OWL ontologies
qspinbox The QSpinBox class, part of the Qt framework, provides a spin box widget.
line-plot a way to represent a series of data by plotting them on two- or tridimensional area and connecting respective data points with lines.
vdsp the digital signal processing portion of Apple’s Accelerate framework.
ldapconnection The LdapConnection class creates a TCP/IP or UDP LDAP connection to Microsoft Active Directory Domain Services or an LDAP server.
layered null
dockerpy The Python API client for Docker https://github.com/dotcloud/docker-py
laravel-request Laravel Requests - handling request and Request validation
runatserver an attribute set to asp.net controls to signalize the server that this should be accessible at server side, by being available as an object at pages code-behind.
rmongodb a full featured driver for the R language to interface with the MongoDB database
rerender null
tweetinvi an intuitive .NET C# SDK that provides an easy and intuitive access to the Twitter REST and STREAM API 1.1.
uilongpressgesturerecogni null
underflow communicate between two devices or processes is fed with data at a lower speed than the data is being read from it
validationerror The errors encountered during validating the data input.
solr-boost the art of increasing the relevance of search result based on alternative indices/properties
standard-sql For questions related to the SQL standard, use the tag instead.
structural-search A tool to search and replace language constructs in source code developed by JetBrains
subtyping In programming language theory, subtyping or subtype polymorphism is a form of type polymorphism in which a subtype is a datatype that is related to another datatype by some notion of …
suffix a group of letters, usually of a regular form, that has a meaning within it's short form, that when applied to a word changes the meaning and/or intent of that word.
tcserver a 100%-compatible drop-in replacement for Apache Tomcat.
tablerowsorter An implementation of RowSorter that provides sorting and filtering using a TableModel.
six Six provides simple utilities for wrapping over differences between Python 2 and Python 3.
smarty2 a template engine for PHP
win2d an easy-to-use Windows Runtime API for immediate mode 2D graphics.
uncompress null
undefined-function a function that fails to execute when called due to the body of the function not being available to the program, compiler, or interpreter, looking for a function definition.
ublas a C++ template class library that provides BLAS level 1, 2, 3 functionality for dense, packed and sparse matrices.
trackpad a pointing device featuring a tactile sensor, a specialized surface that can translate the motion and position of a user's fingers to a relative position on the operating system that is …
tms a collection of visual and non-visual components and tools for Delphi and C++ Builder targeting Windows, macOS, iOS, Android and Linux
repa a Haskell package for high performance, regular, shape polymorphic parallel arrays.
query-expressions Use for assistance when dealing with Microsoft Dynamics CRM QueryExpression objects and their use.
rjson Converts R object into JSON objects and vice-versa
rrule used in the iCal format to specify rules for recurring events.
sakai an open source Java-based, service-oriented learning management system and collaborative learning environment designed to be scalable, reliable, interoperable and extensible.
satellite-assembly a compiled library that contains resources such as strings, bitmaps, etc
scalaz7 Scalaz provides type classes and purely functional data structures for Scala
selectnodes Selects a list of nodes matching the XPath expression.
sdl-image an image file loading library
playsound The PlaySound function plays a sound specified by the given file name, resource, or system event.
piranha-cms the fun, fast and lightweight framework for developing cms-based web applications with an extra bite
pydoc a documentation module for the programming language Python.
opos OLE for Retail POS
office-app touch-friendly web applications that let you create, edit and share your Excel, Word, PowerPoint and OneNote files from any browser.
vugen a loadrunner component used to generate vuser script.
api-gateway A service which acts as a gateway for many other services
ipb Invision Power Board is Internet forum software produced by Invision Power Services, Inc
pyenchant Python bindings for the Enchant spellchecking system
relative-url relative to another URL.
tempdb null
telescope an open-source social news app built with Meteor, a real-time JavaScript framework.
cllocationcoordinate2d null
xmlnodelist XmlNodeList class represents an ordered collection of nodes
vcalendar vcalendar was the preceeding standard prior to icalendar .
invoices a commercial document issued by a seller to the buyer, indicating the products, quantities, and agreed prices for products or services the seller has provided the buyer
netmq A native .NET library for ZeroMQ messaging.
right-align Right alignment refers to the right positioning of a visual element in a GUI.
android-augmented-reality null
maven-ear-plugin Maven plugin intended to configure and produce ear files.
nginfinitescroll a directive that you can use to implement infinite scrolling in AngularJS applications
pushdown-automaton a finite-state automaton with added stack based memory
camera-roll null
ir ambiguous, do not use**
drools-flow null
tabstop null
checklistbox null
rx-cocoa null
tuleap a free and open-source application lifecycle management tool.
three-tier a framework for logical design model; it segments an application's components into three tiers of services that correspond to logical layers of the application.
jboss-mdb null
lnk2005 null
lite-server null
haddock a documentation generator for Haskell
gettime Use for questions related to the 'gettime' method, for getting the time in JavaScript.
spring-integration-dsl null
scalaquery a typesafe API / DSL built on top of JDBC for accessing relational databases in Scala.
uicontrolevents The type of enum constant for the kinds of control events possible for control objects.
dbx a source-level debugger, product of Oracle Coporation used to control the execution of a program and inspect the content of the memor…
derbyjs a full-stack JavaScript MVC framework with support for HTML templates, view bindings, model syncing, customizable persistence and conflict resolution.
docker-cloud a service for managing and deploying Dockerized applications.
webpage-rendering null
xquery-3.0 for questions specific to XQuery version 3.0 and no other version.
xsockets.net an open-source real-time framework for .NET 4.0+ and Mono.
eclim to bring Eclipse functionality to the Vim editor
geographical-information null
inlining In various versions of the C and C++ programming languages, an inline function is a function upon which the compiler has been requested to perform inline expansion
toolstripmenu null
snipmate a vim script that implements some of TextMate's snippets features in Vim.
sobel The Sobel operator, sometimes called Sobel Filter, is used in image processing and computer vision, particularly within edge detection algorithms.
incoming-call Questions on scenarios related to incoming phone calls
awstats an open source web analytics tool that parses server logs to provide website analytics.
findby null
dynamic-url the URL of a Web page with content that depends on variable parameters that are provided to the server that delivers it.
google-sitemap null
google-slides-api The Google Slides API lets you read, create, and modify Google Slides presentations.
google-search-console null
getmethod An HTTP protocol request method.
git-p4 The git p4 command provides a way to interact with p4 repositories using git.
gitorious an open source system for hosting Git-based projects
maximize-window refers to the process of increasing the size of a UI window to its fullest, so that it takes up the entire screen.
manual-testing the process of manually testing software to ensure the correctness, completeness and quality of developed software.
network-scan a procedure for identifying active hosts on a network or active services on those hosts.
joomla3.3 For issues relating to using Joomla!, version 3.3
lynx a cross platform, GPL licensed, text-mode web browser.
jython-2.5 an open-source implementation of the Python programming language in Java.
ceylon a modern, modular, statically typed programming language for the Java and JavaScript virtual machines
callgrind a profiling tool that records call history among functions in a program's run as a call-graph
data-generation null
conference null
exc-bad-instruction an exception in Objective C.
createcriteria Creating criteria based queries with GORM, Hibernate or Grails
role-base-authorization null
accelerated-mobile-page Similar Tags: AMP HTML is a project led by Google to make the mobile web faster
postgresql-9.0 Questions specific to version 9.0 of the widely-used PostgreSQL relational database system
shapedrawable null
.lib standard extension for static libraries under Microsoft operation systems.
aloha-editor The term aloha-editor refers to the correspondent modern html5 wysiwyg editor.
angular-kendo Robust set of Angular.js bindings for Kendo UI widgets.
android-wear-2.0 Second generation of Google's operating system for smart wearable devices, based on the Android platform.
ati a semiconductor technology company based on the development of graphics processing units and chipsets;
package-name An Android project package name that uniquely identifies an app.
itemsource null
pastebin null
combiners null
dead-letter null
bug-reporting the process of sending a description describing the problem encountered, the state of the system at the time, and possible other data to enable the problem to be resolved.
balloon null
blueprism null
clregion an iOS class for CoreLocation framework that holds the information used in shape based regions.
cls-compliant a set of constraints on APIs and a complementary set of requirements on languages
embedded-sql the term used for a method of inlining SQL statements with the source code of another programming language, called host language.
koala-gem a Ruby gem for integrating Facebook connectivity into Ruby, and Ruby on Rails applications.
kriging A statistical interpolation method, also known as Gaussian process regression, most used in geo-statistics
lwuit-form LWUIT offers a comprehensive toolbox for showing information on forms
joomla-sef-urls Questions relating to Search Engine Friendly URLs for Joomla
julian-date the continuous count of days since the beginning of the Julian Period used primarily by astronomers
non-recursive non-recursive programming avoids risks of recursion by using iteration instead.
miktex a typesetting system for Microsoft Windows, consisting of an implementation of TeX and a set of related programs.
happy a YACC-like parse generator for Haskell
ikimagebrowserview a Image Kit View for the Cocoa Framework on Mac OS X 10.5 and above.
hivecontext Questions related to HiveContext class of Apache Spark
hitcounter a computer software program that indicates the number of visitors, or hits, a particular webpage has received
home-button A physical button on iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch
emacs-faces a text style.
expectations defines a set of expected and/or allowed method/constructor invocations on the mocked types/instances that have been made available to the test through mock fields and/or mock parameters
figures null
failure-slice a fragment of a Prolog program obtained by inserting one or more `false` goals somewhere in it
g1gc a generational partially collecting concurrent and parallel garbage collection algorithm
function-overriding null
shortest null
sigar Hyperic's System Information Gatherer And Reporter is a cross-platform API for collecting software inventory data
wixcode Wix.com integrated development environment that enables you to manage data, customize the behavior of Wix components, build web applications and create websites.
control-flow-graph A control flow graph in computer science is a representation, using graph notation, of all paths that might be traversed through a program during its execution.
aasm A library for adding finite state machines to Ruby classes.
snappydata an open source integration of the GemFireXD in-memory database and the Apache Spark cluster computing system for OLTP, OLAP, and Approximate Query Processing workloads.
smslib a programmer's library for sending and receiving SMS messages via a GSM modem or mobile phone
collider A Websocket signalling server written in the instead.
node-mssql node-mssql MSSQL database connector for Node.js.
time-wait the TIME_WAIT TCP connection state
sql-in `SQL IN` operator allows us to specify multiple values in a WHERE clause.
moya Open source network abstraction layer that encapsulates calling Alamofire directly.
box2dweb port of box2dFlash port to javascript.
adjustment null
script-component The Script component hosts script and enables SSIS package to include and run custom script code
nscharacterset An NSCharacterSet object represents a set of Unicode-compliant characters
multiple-records null
uniform-initialization A C++11 feature which allows braces to be used to initialize any type of variable in any context
jquery-datatables-editor a package turning jQuery dataTables into CRUD tables
filenet-content-engine central software component of IBM FileNet P8 platform
wcftestclient Windows Communication Foundation Test Client is a GUI tool that enables users to input test parameters, submit that input to the service, and view the response that the servi…
jrockit a High performance JVM built into Oracle Fusion Middleware.
boost-signals2 a thread-safe C++ implementation of a managed signals and slots system.
tablet-pc null
chord null
xlc the command to invoke IBM XL C or C++ compiler
xmldatasource a data source control that presents XML data to data-bound controls.
nsoutputstream a subclass of NSStream that provides write-only stream functionality.
symantec null
respond-to null
stubs a small piece of code that takes the place of another component during testing.
qaction The QAction class, part of the Qt framework, provides an abstract user interface action that can be inserted into widgets.
log-analysis the process of parsing log file, created from any logging service or application.
fontmetrics null
font-lock a minor mode of GNU Emacs
pgi The Portland Group produces compilers for high-performance computers
recycle-bin In computing, the trash is temporary storage for files that have been deleted in a file manager by the user, but not yet permanently erased from the physical media.
rhandsontable a data grid component with an Excel-like appearance
rfc822 the historical original standard for the format of email messages.
msvc12 Microsoft Studio Visual C++ 2013 is a commercial , integrated development environment product from Microsoft for the C, C++, and C++/CLI programming languages…
datapicker null
display-templates null
xelatex LaTeX on top of a modified TeX engine for added Unicode and OpenType support
xdotool fake keyboard/mouse input, window management, and more
ydn-db Client-side javascript database library
yasnippet a template system for Emacs
workfront-api null
wordpress-thesis-theme a theme for WordPress that takes uses a framework to allow almost complete customization of the WordPress site without heavy coding.
yourkit a CPU and memory profiling tool for Java and .NET
entity-sql a storage-independent query language that is similar to SQL.
enum-class Enum classes combine aspects of traditional enumerations with aspects of classes
create-view The statement that creates a table in SQL .
createuser null
laravel-valet a Laravel development environment for Mac minimalists
oracle-jet Oracle JavaScript Extension Toolkit empowers developers by providing a modular open source toolkit based on modern JavaScript, CSS3 and HTML5 design and development principles.
pdcurses a public domain programming library for DOS, Windows, X11 and SDL
python-db-api Questions about how to use the Python Database API Specification 2.0 -- PEP 249
phpcassa a PHP client library for Apache Cassandra
schema-compare Tooling to compare a database-schema between databases, a live-database and a backup, or a database and a saved schema-definition.
qprogressbar a Qt class that provides a progress bar, which can be either horizontal or vertical.
rack-pow a zero-config Rack server for Mac OS X created by 37signals.
return-value-optimization C++ copy-elision of return-values.
rinside an R package providing C++ classes that simplify the embedding of R in C++ code.
tolist null
time-and-attendance those that keep track of people's comings and goings
timed null
uclinux μClinux was a fork of the Linux kernel for microcontrollers without a memory management unit
user-presence User-presence refers to the communication status of a participating user in a communication system such as Instant Messaging .
varbinarymax null
visual-tree null
sitecore7.5 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
sparse-array an array in which most of the elements have the same value .
tabbing null
system-testing testing conducted on a complete, integrated system to evaluate the system's compliance with its specified requirements.
system-variable null
sys.path An automatically initialized list in Python that contains the search path for modules.
terminator a GPL terminal emulator.
svmlight an implementation of a Support Vector Machine - supervised learning models with associated learning algorithms that analyze data and recognize patterns, used for classification and regress…
spark-avro A library for reading and writing Avro data from Spark SQL.
signed-apk simply the unsigned apk that has been signed via the JDK jarsigner tool.
skiasharp SkiaSharp provides a powerful, cross-platform C# API for doing 2D graphics
windows-search Windows Search, also known as Windows Desktop Search, is the Windows service that indexes files on the user's hard drive.
word-break a CSS property that defines how to break or wrap lines within words
tlistview a VCL control that displays items in various manner
triangular when you have a programmatic problem related to coordinates, area, or any other property of a shape that forms a triangle.
retrolambda a backport of Java 8's lambda expressions to Java 7, 6 and 5
rescale null
quadratic-programming a special type of mathematical optimization problem
principalcontext part of the Microsoft .NET System Directory Services Account Management API
vundle a plug-in manager for the Vim text editor.
static-functions null
yoast a WordPress plugin for website and search engine optimization
jssc jSSC - library for working with serial ports from Java
xauth a Twitter API method that allows easy OAuth access token retrieval for an account without going through a full OAuth authentication sequence.
mstsc Creates connections to terminal servers or other remote computers, edits an existing Remote Desktop Connection configuration file, and migrates Windows XP connections
invisible-recaptcha to refer about the Google reCAPTCHA tool to differentiate humans and bots without requesting to solve a CAPTCHA.
propertychangelistener A Listener object that reacts to a changing value for an Objects property/variable
viewparams JSF tag to declare a GET parameter.
mapsforge a library for offline map rendering on Android devices.
pdfptable Table class used by iTextPdf versions 5.x for generating tables
petsc silent), is a suite of data structures and routines for the scalable solution of scientific applications modeled by partial differential equations.
or-operator The OR operator may represent the operation |
gplots Various R programming tools for plotting data
fody Extensible tool for weaving .net assemblies
logoff null
session-hijacking a type of network security attack that relies on the ISNs of TCP packets and taking control over communication
htc-vive to ask about HTC vive related questions
zoneddatetime a standard Java class representing a “date-time with a time-zone in the ISO-8601 calendar system, such as 2007-12-03T10:15:30+01:00 Europe/Paris.”
nsresponder a class used in Mac Development
defaultmodelbinder null
deconvolution An algorithmic process to reverse the effects of a convolution, which is a linear form of signal or image filtering.
take a common keyword or function name used to return a given number of elements, usually contiguously and from the beginning of a collection
pylucene a Python extension for accessing Java Lucene
weak null
jcache JCACHE :JSR 107- Java Temporary Caching API
obout A collection of mostly free ASP.NET components like TreeView, Calendar, HTML Editor, File Upload, SlideMenu and more by Obout Software Inc.
uiview-hierarchy null
lmer Function of the lme4 package for running linear mixed-effects regressions.
anyobject represent any type in Swift that is a class
bearing null
jquery-calculation null
multiple-resultsets null
ieaddon Internet Explorer add-ons add features to the browser, similar to Chrome extensions and Firefox plug-ins.
system32 a folder, in the directory represented by the environment variable %windir%, that contains shared libraries and some applications necessary for Window…
nowrap {{Nowrap}} stops wrapping of specific text
npm-start null
grid-computing a term referring to the combination of computer resources from multiple administrative domains to reach a common goal.
rubber a plugin that enables relatively complex multi-instance deployments of RubyOnRails applications to Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud .
sqlpackage A command line utility for automating SSDT database deployment tasks.
oim a powerful and flexible enterprise identity management system that automatically manages users' access privileges within enterprise IT resources.
snmp-trap an SNMP message used by an Agent to notify its Manager that an event has occurred, either an error or a normal occurrence
dynamic-html null
luainterface a library for integration between the Lua language and Microsoft .NET platform's Common Language Runtime .
gke an alias for the , a platform which runs kubernetes on GCE as a service.
composite-controls In User Interface frameworks, a composite control is a control _composed_ of other existing child controls.
glog The glog library implements application-level logging
wiredtiger also part of mongo 3.0
wkt a text markup language for representing vector geometry objects on a map, spatial reference systems of spatial objects and transformations between spatial reference systems.
shunting-yard a stack-based algorithm for parsing mathematical expressions
aws-powershell a set of PowerShell cmdlets that are built on top of the functionality exposed by the AWS SDK for .NET.
gacutil The Global Assembly Cache tool allows you to view and manipulate the contents of the global assembly cache and download cache.
eventsource For questions relating to the HTML5 SSE API; the JavaScript object is called EventSource.
epl EPL stands for the and is a proprietary programming language used to communicate to Zebra branded printers
hardcoded considered as hard-coded, if they represent a constant value that can't be changed by configuration or via any kind of interface
gwt-2.2-celltable null
graphdb a semantic triplestore: a database for RDF and OWL data
google-code-prettify A Javascript module and CSS file that allows syntax highlighting of source code snippets in an html page.
min-heap null
master-data-services Microsoft's Master Data Management solution
mencoder a free command line video decoding, encoding and filtering tool released under the GNU General Public License
node-cluster a Node.js module for multi-core network serving.
ntdll the Windows system DLL exposing the Native API to user mode.
jsonparser null
jenssegers-mongodb A MongoDB based Eloquent model and Query builder for Laravel
local-datastore The Parse Android SDK and iOS/OS X SDK provide a local datastore which can be used to store and retrieve Parse objects, even when the network is unavailable.
linux-capabilities Starting with kernel 2.2, Linux divides the privileges traditionally associated with superuser into distinct units, known as capabilities, which can be independently enabled and disabled
letter-spacing a CSS property that defines the spacing between text characters
c4 a creative-coding framework to create
client-side-templating null
character-properties a set of attributes supplied by the Unicode Standard
carrot2 an open source search results clustering engine, not to be confused with the AMQP client
excel-web-query Excel Web Query, Internet Inquiry - A Web query is a feature in Excel that allows you to retrieve data stored on an intranet, the Internet, or the World Wide Web.
css-calc a native CSS way to do simple math right in CSS as a replacement for any length value
cookiecontainer Provides a container for a collection of CookieCollection objects.
mercurial-queue a standard extension of Mercurial DVCS that manages changeset patches.
mercurial-extension a mechanism to customize and extend functionalities of the Mercurial DVCS.
cfspreadsheet null
kendo-listview a Kendo widget that displays data and offers rich support interacting with data, including paging and selection
using-declaration for questions related to the 'using' keyword in C++.
android-wear-notification When an Android handheld device and Android Wear are connected, the handheld device will automatically share notifications with the Android Wear device.
android-2.1-eclair For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 2.1.
.net-3.0 .NET Framework 3.0, formerly called WinFX was released on 21 November 2006
acm-java-libraries The ACM Java Libraries were produced by the ACM's Java Task Force with the aim of simplifying the teaching of Java to first-year undergraduate students.
ejabberd-module null
amortized-analysis an analysis of the total runtime of a set of operations rather than the individual runtime of any one operation.
akka-remote-actor designed for communication in a peer-to-peer fashion
adsense-api AdSense Management API and AdSense Host API related questions.
aweber a REST and OAuth 1.0 based API that allows developers to construct their own applications for displaying and managing AWeber customer accounts.
mercator a popular map projection, though it distorts the size and shape of large objects, as the scale increases from the Equator to the poles.
content-pages null
cyclejs a fully reactive JavaScript framework for Human-Computer Interaction
daemons Daemons provides an easy way to wrap existing ruby scripts to be run as a daemon and to be controlled by simple start/stop/restart commands.
dimensional deprecated, use the correct tags instead: Questions related to multi for the specific data structu…
django-timezone Timezone handling specific questions with Django
bytea Variable-length binary string type in PostgreSQL
cfdocument a tag in the CFML language used to dynamically create PDFs
cockroachdb A scalable, geo-replicated, transactional SQL datastore developed in Go.
widestring null
jwindow Java Swing UI container class that can be displayed anywhere on the user's desktop.
liferay-service-builder a model-driven code generation tool built by Liferay that allows developers to define custom object models called entities
interpretation an assignment of meaning to the symbols of a formal language.
nuxeo An Open Source ECM Platform for building content applications.
oauth-1.0a null
mvccontrib-grid null
meteor-velocity the Meteor testing solution
mashup a web page, or web application, that uses and combines data, presentation or functionality from two or more sources to create new services
manifest.json a JSON -formatted file that give you the ability to control your application and is the only file that every WebExtension must contain.
expires-header a HTTP Response Entity Header Field that specifies the date and time after which a response should be considered stale
eager eager database fetching: efficiently load related objects along with the objects being queried.
ecm the processes, methods and tools used to capture, manage, store, preserve, and deliver content and documents related to organizational processes
elasticsearch-painless a scripting language that is purpose-built for Elasticsearch
edittextpreference null
factor-analysis null
3gp a multimedia container format defined by the Third Generation Partnership Project for 3G UMTS multimedia services
wiredep null
libev A full-featured and high-performance event loop that is loosely modelled after libevent, but without its limitations and bugs
sortedmap a map object that provides an ordering on its keys.
express-4 a minimalist web framework for Node.js which provides a set of features for web and mobile applications.
android-securityexception Thrown when a security manager check fails.
assembly-signing null
in-operator expr IN --> Returns 1 if expr is equal to any of the values in the IN list, else returns 0.
catkin the official build system of ROS
catch-block used to handle an `exception` thrown by a block of code.
sqlmetal The SqlMetal command-line tool generates code and mapping for the LINQ to SQL component of the .NET Framework.
eclipse-gmf The Eclipse Graphical Modeling Project
consolidation null
srt Text file containing subtitles used by various video playback programs; supported by DivX, DVD, and other video formats; includes the time each subtitle should be displayed followed by the text of the…
rtmfp a protocol created by Adobe which enables UDP connections and peer-to-peer communication between multiple Flash Players
script-fu a version of Scheme embedded in The GIMP, used to automate image manipulation tasks.
graphql-java a Java implementation for GraphQL, a query language created by Facebook for describing data requirements on complex application data models.
fpic a flag for the C compiler `gcc` which causes position-independent code to be produced
broom an R package for converting statistical analysis objects into data frames
web-notifications The Web Notifications API provides a way for a web application to show a platform-level notification to a users — outside of a browser’s viewport and regardless of whether the web application that gen…
nscopying a protocol that provides a way to make a copy of an object.
datetimeindex Immutable ndarray of datetime64 data, represented internally as int64
automatic-updates null
automaton a mathematical object describing an abstract machine with a finite set of states and transitions between these that runs on sequences of inputs consisting of letters picke…
scada SCADA generally refers to industrial control systems such as computer systems that monitor and control industrial, infrastructure, or facility-based processe…
batterymanager The BatteryManager class contains strings and constants used for values in the ACTION_BATTERY_CHANGED Intent.
bbedit a proprietary text editor made by Bare Bones Software available for Mac OS X
required-field null
imagecreatefrompng Anything related to imagecreatefrompng PHP function for creating an image from file or URL
lnk for questions about Windows .lnk files representing Shortcuts
litespeed a high-performance Apache drop-in replacement.
object-object-mapping null
turing-complete called Turing-complete if it is capable of simulating a Turing machine
wpd Windows Portable Devices enables computers to communicate with attached media and storage devices.
jrules a business rules management system used to create, run and govern rule-based applications.
jquery-ui-button The Button widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
strdup The strdup function duplicates a string
python-2to3 a tool for automated Python 2 to 3 code translation
nssavepanel An NSSavePanel object creates and manages a Save panel and allows you to run the panel in a modal loop
errorprovider null
aruco ArUco Used for marker detection on videos and images Based on OpenCV
redo null
ng-storage localStorage and sessionStorage done right for AngularJS https://github.com/gsklee/ngStorage
capability the ability to perform actions
tessellation refers to questions about increasing the complexity of a data-set through subdivision.
test-bench an environment used to verify the correctness or soundness of a design or model, for example, that of a software product.
phalcon-routing Routing in Phalcon Framework's MVC implementation
sensenet an enterprise grade open source application suite for building integrated Enterprise Content Management and Enterprise Portal solutions running on the .NET platform.
android-account null
django-media null
angular2-highcharts For questions directly related to angular2-highcharts library.
vdproj the build file extension for Microsoft Visual Studio .NET applications
wsp a CAB file with a .wsp file-name extension that contains all the files that must be deployed on the front-end Web server and a set of XML-based installation instru…
state-space models that use state variables to describe a system by a set of first-order differential or difference equations, rather than by one or more nth-order differential or differenc…
cross-product null
telegraf an open source, plugin-driven agent for collecting and reporting metrics written in Go with no external dependencies.
language-detection Language detection or language identification is the task of identifying the language in a fragment of text.
safe-mode null
perforce-client-spec Perforce client's workspace specification
rebol2 REBOL is a cross-platform data exchange and multi-paradigm dynamic programming language designed by Carl Sassenrath, for network communications and distribu…
tpm a secure coprocessor found in some PC-type computers that provides cryptographic operations and system integrity measurements.
ucs2 an early version of Unicode that has been superseded by the Unicode UTF-16 standard
ubuntu-17.04 null
winhttprequest a part of Windows HTTP Services
windowing In signal processing windowing allows to work on overlapping segments of the signal.
visited The visited CSS pseudo-class lets you select only links that have been visited.
template-method-pattern a design pattern that defines the program skeleton of an algorithm in a method, called a template method, which defers some steps to subclasses
sysdate an Oracle specific SQL function which serves to give the current date and time of the database
syntax-checking the verification that a program's source code is technically correct according to the rules of that programming language.
system-verilog-assertions An assertion sub-language within SystemVerilog
shdocvw provides the navigation, local caching and history functionalities for the browser.
spawning null
spring-dsl Questions regarding the usage of the Spring Integration Java DSL extension
vmware-tools an optional, free set of drivers and utilities that enhances both the performance of a virtual machine’s guest operating system and interaction between the guest and the host.
viewchild a decorator for Angular component variables, which allow to bind a template element
vertex-array null
u2 U2 refers to the family of products that revolve around two MultiValue Databases called UniData and UniVerse
remote-notifications null
quantum-computing Quantum Computation deals with considering computation as fundamentally physical, as well as replacing the classical binary digit with the quantum binary digit
raty a plugin for JQuery that displays interactive star-ratings.
serverspec Serverspec provides ruby RSpec tests for checking your servers are configured correctly
pins null
permanent null
nhibernate.search an extension to NHibernate that allows you to utilize Lucene.NET, a full text search engine as your query engine, instead of putting additional load on the database itself.
background-agents a facility in Windows Phone 7/8 API that lets you run some processing when your application is not in the foreground.
jsr286 the Java Portlet 2 specification.
yosys an open-source framework for HDL synthesis and formal verification
data-kinds For Haskell questions about involving the `-XDataKinds` extension in GHC
django-filters null
netbeans-8.1 NetBeans IDE 8.1 provides out-of-the-box code analyzers and editors for working with the latest Java 8 technologies: Java SE 8, Java SE Embedded 8, and Java ME Embedded 8
peoplepicker null
recreate an Android SDK API method available from API lvl 11 that causes the calling Activity to be destroyed and recreated.
sendasynchronousrequest null
active-record-query null
htmltext null
cortex-a For all ARM cortex-A series CPUs, including A5,A7,A8,A9 and A15.
htdocs the default web server software folder visible from Internet.
serviceloader a Java SDK way to load different providers for a class from the classpath
servicestack-bsd for questions specifically regarding the legacy 3.X ServiceStack release, available under the BSD license
log4php a versatile logging framework for PHP.
array-initialization null
stream-processing null
streaminsight a Complex Event Processing product by Microsoft
highest null
facebook-invite An invitation to the popular social networking site, Facebook
dbflow A robust, powerful, and very simple ORM android database library with annotation processing.
mailcore a mail framework for Objective C that fits around the LibEtPan library.
java-melody to monitor Java or Java EE application servers in QA and production environments
google-developer-tools null
graphicimage a JSF tag that renders an HTML img element
null-check A check to see that an object has been instantiated.
screens a display, or a monitor
apache-spark-1.6 Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.6
xpi a file extension most commonly used to identify Firefox addons.
movabletype a weblog publishing system developed by Six Apart, Ltd
stackedbarseries null
pixelformat null
plack a Perl module and toolkit that contains middleware, helpers and adapters to web servers
class-attributes null
contiguous null
visualstates null
durandal-navigation using the router plugin, and other navigation-related questions about DurandalJS
shrinkwrap the supported deployment mechanism of the Arquillian project.
gcloud-node the Google Cloud Client Library for Node.js - an idiomatic, intuitive, and natural way for Node.js developers to integrate with Google Cloud Platform services, like Cloud Datastore and …
dsym stand alone bundles containing debug symbols.
epic EPIC - Eclipse Perl Plugin
google-chrome-storage a more powerful chrome-only alternative to localStorage
goal-tracking null
github-mantle Model framework for Cocoa and Cocoa Touch by GitHub
geoxml3 a third party KML parser for the Google Maps API v3 that parses KML files and renders them as native Google Maps API v3 objects.
heap-size null
htmlcleaner open-source HTML parser written in Java.
ifilter a plugin that allows the Windows Indexing Service and the newer Windows Desktop Search to index different file formats so that they become searchable.
insert-select null
matcaffe a MATLAB interface for the deep-learning framework Caffe.
microtime Anything related to programming languages functions allowing the retrieval of the current time with a resolution in the microseconds range.
newlib a C library intended for use on embedded systems
interface-implementation null
jazz IBM Jazz family of products, including Rational Team Concert , Rational Quality Manager , and Build Forge.
jaxb2-maven-plugin This plugin uses JAXB2 to generate Java classes from XML Schemas and to create XML Schemas for existing Java classes.
linqkit a free set of LINQ extensions, aimed primarily at LINQ to SQL
listctrl a widget in the wxWidgets framework for displaying lists of items in various formats.
longtext null
keynote slide presentation software for the the Apple line of products, include Mac desktop machines and iPads
cairngorm an open source frameworks for application architecture in Adobe Flex
c9.io Cloud9 combines a powerful online code editor with a full Ubuntu workspace in the cloud
c++builder-xe2 The August 2011 version of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
celluloid Actor-based concurrent object framework for Ruby
clickjacking a malicious technique of tricking a Web user into clicking on something different from what the user perceives they are clicking on.
clearquest proprietary issue-tracking software.
bass an audio library for use in software on several platforms
copyright-display Questions regarding the display of copyright information in applications
commandbar null
chai-as-promised an extension for the Chai assertion library which adds the capability for assertions about promises.
roguelike usually a turn-based computer game with a strong focus on intricate gameplay and replayability due to procedurally generated content.
oz a multiparadigm programming language including logic, functional , imperative, object-oriented, constraint, distributed, and concurrent programming.
ag-grid-react null
aif Application Integration Framework Web services are used to exchange documents between Microsoft Dynamics AX and other systems
cxf-client null
rooted-device the process of attaining privileged control on a UNIX based device
cgcontextref null
avahi a free zeroconf implementation - A service discovery protocol
angularjs-templates written with HTML that contains Angular-specific elements and attributes
apache-cloudstack open source cloud computing software for creating, managing, and deploying infrastructure cloud services
apache-ode Apache ODE software executes business processes written following the WS-BPEL standard
akka-testkit Akka comes with a dedicated module akka-testkit for supporting tests at different levels.
share-extension null
acr122 a PC-linked contactless smart card reader/writer developed based on the 13.56 MHz Contactless Technology.
powermanager a class in the Android SDK that gives control of the power state of the device.
.net-4.6.2 the version of the popular Microsoft .Net framework and adds several new features
comm a UNIX utility used to compare two sorted files line by line.
complement deprecated! Use more specific tags instead: For the binary representations of negative values in computer science, use tags ; For the bitwise complem…
code-standards *Coding standards*, or *coding conventions*, are sets of rules or guidelines designed to govern the process of code production in a software project
decodable only for questions directly pertaining to the Swift Decodable protocol introduced in Swift 4.
cellid a generally unique number used to identify each Base transceiver station or sector of a BTS within a Location area code if not within a GSM network.
cdialog In MFC, the base class used for displaying dialog boxes on the screen.
podscms a CMS framework that lets you add and display your own content types
embeddedwebserver Either a light-weight web server for embedded systems, or a web server embedded within an application
kops a deployment utility for Kubernetes clusters.
kogrid a Knockout data grid.
localforage Mozilla's asynchronous offline storage.
linq.js An implementation of List and Sequence operations for JavaScript, as inspired by .NET's Language INtegrated Query .
jtidy a Java port of HTML Tidy, a HTML syntax checker and pretty printer
nsexpression used to represent expressions in a predicate
nosql-aggregation Questions related to Aggregation functions in NoSQL databases.
meteor-publications null
meta-inf The META-INF directory related to .jar file contain the manifest of a jar and is created when you write a jar file.
memory-access a generic term that is used to represent the action of a computing unit accessing data.
maya-api deals with API questions, as opposed to Maya scripting interfaces.
mobile-chrome Google's browser for mobile phones
icinga an open source network and computer system monitoring application
imageswitcher a built-in Android view widget to select an image from a scrolling list of thumbnails with preview.
hello.js a client-side Javascript SDK for authenticating with OAuth2 web services and querying their REST API's.
git-squash the command used to rewrite git history before it is pushed to the remote.
graph-drawing the process of embedding a graph within a space of some kind, most typically a plane.
graphcool GraphQL Backend Development Framework
editortemplates null
dyndns an infrastructure as a service company that provides Internet DNS and email delivery services for commercial and private users
fluent-ffmpeg null
fiber particularly lightweight threads of execution which use co-operative multitasking.
filesort When MySQL needs to sort its output rows, and cannot do this via indexes, it uses a quicksort function called filesort
bind-variables an unspecified value in a prepared database statement/command
winzip a shareware file archiver and compressor for Windows, OS X, iOS and Android developed by WinZip Computing
wireless-connection The connection to a wireless network.
mysql-backup null
computation-expression a technique for writing computations that can be combined using control flow constructs and bindings.
sonarqube5.6 the SonarQube 5.6.x LTS specific tag
genie a programming language allowing one to program in Vala with a Python-like syntax.
ext2 a Linux filesystem.
snmpd A SNMP daemon that responds to SNMP requests.
omnisharp OmniSharp provides refactoring and AST support for the C# language for a variety of plugins written for popular text editors, including Vim, Emacs, Atom, Sublime Text and Brackets.
android-instant-run a behavior for the Run and Debug commands that significantly reduces the time between updates to your app.
gruntfile the the main configuration location for customizing grunt which is used for automating and running JavaScript tasks.
motif a graphical user interface toolkit used in software development
construction Use for questions related to building a data structure, such as a heap.
scorm1.2 a collection of standards for online content delivery
nunit-2.5 For issues relating creating and running unit tests using NUnit, version 2.5.
flexmojos a Maven plugin intended to allow build lifecycle management of Flex applications.
ie11-developer-tools null
multiple-views null
cubism.js a D3 plugin for visualizing time series.
scala-dispatch a library for asynchronous HTTP interaction
ultraedit a long-standing, popular code and text editor, with its own macro language, a powerful column-editing mode, custom environments, tag lists, and templates.
hijack null
money-format a PHP function that formats a number as a currency string.
adobe-captivate an electronic learning tool which can be used to author software demonstrations, software simulations, branched scenarios, and randomized quizzes in .swf format.
jcanvas a little jQuery plugin written entirely in JavaScript that makes working with jQuery, and thereby HTML5′s canvas element, a lot easier
list-initialization In C++11 list-initialization refers to initializing a variable using curly braces
gwt-maven-plugin Facilitates GWT web application development using Maven as build tool.
h.265 High Efficiency Video Coding or is a video compression standard, a successor to H.264/MPEG-4 AVC currently under joint development by the ISO/IEC Moving Picture …
zeppelin null
escpos A proprietary POS printer command system from EPSON.
xinclude a generic mechanism for merging XML documents, by writing inclusion tags in the parent document.
firefox-3 Version 3 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
session-bean A session bean encapsulates business logic that can be invoked programmatically by a client over local, remote, or web service client views.
ng-init an AngularJS directive that allows you to evaluate an expression in the current scope.
fba Form Based Authentication provides an authentication method using a web form
net-use Net-use connects or disconnects a computer or a shared drive and controls net connections.
protoc the compiler for .proto files
rightbarbuttonitem The rightmost Bar Button Item in UIToolBar in objective-C
angular2-router3 null
azure-compute-emulator test the service locally before you deploy the service to Windows Azure
linear-equation An algebraic equation of the form y = mx+b
yii-booster a collection of widgets that will ease the task of developing Yii applications, as well as, giving an application a little boost
zend-autoloader null
wunderground a commercial weather service that provides real-time weather information via the Internet
xctestcase The primary class for defining test cases, test methods, and performance tests for iOS and Mac OS development.
wordprocessingml the XML format introduced with Microsoft Office Word 2003
worker-process user-mode code whose role is to process requests, such as processing requests to return a static page, invoking an ISAPI extension or filter, or running a Common Gateway Interface …
yasm a modular assembler intended as a full rewrite of the Netwide Assembler
xdocreport Java API to generate reports from a docx or odt created with MS Word or OpenOffice/LibreOffice and convert it to another format like PDF/XHTML.
team-explorer-everywhere Microsoft Visual Studio Team Explorer Everywhere is a set of tools including a plug-in to Eclipse IDEs that provides access to Team Foundation Server and includes a cross-platform command-line client …
enterprise-integration the use of software and computer systems architectural principles to integrate a set of enterprise computer applications.
phusion null
phpass a portable public domain password hashing framework for use in PHP applications.
objectdb Fast Object Database for Java - with JPA/JDO support
razorgenerator Generates source code from Razor files , allowing them to be compiled into your assemblies
radial null
uclibc a version of the C standard library for embedded systems
thucydides a library designed to make writing web-based acceptance tests based on WebDriver easier, and more fun
twitter-rest-api The REST APIs provide programmatic access to read and write Twitter data
voltdb an in-memory database designed by several well-known database system researchers, including Michael Stonebraker
watchman Questions about the file watching service from Facebook
visitor-statistic null
wing-ide a commercial python Integrated Development Environment for Python made by Wingware.
sketch-3 a digital design application for Mac.
texture-atlas In realtime computer graphics, a texture atlas is a large image containing a collection of sub-images, or which contains many smaller sub-images.
startupscript null
svnsync Svnsync allows mirroring subversion repositories.
synchronisation null
template-tal a XML-attribute based templating language standard, used by Zope Page Templates, Chameleon, PHPTAL and other templating libraries.
templating-engine A templating engine processes templates in a given language, often binding them to a data source, in order to produce an output document.
winpe Windows Preinstallation Environment 2.0 is a minimal Win32 operating system with limited services, built on the Windows Vista kernel
wavelet-transform to refer to the multi-scale signal representation by wavelets.
watson-dialog The IBM Watson Dialog service provides a comprehensive, technology platform for managing conversations between virtual agents and users through an Application Programming Interface .
vis.js-network for the network module of vis.js
twitter-search Twitter search refers to the search form of Twitter, capable of finding various Twitter content - users, tweets, retweets, and others.
rewriting Repeatedly applying rules to transform objects
onitemselectedlistener Android Interface definition for AdapterView for a callback to be invoked when an item in this view has been selected.
remedy an application framework most well known for tracking IT assets, requests, and issues.
zelle-graphics A simple object oriented graphics library for Python under the GPL license
jsonschema2pojo a tool that takes a json schema document and generates DTO-style Java classes .
yii-events a high-performance, component-based, open source PHP framework best for developing Web 2.0 applications
line-intersection null
xcache an open-source PHP opcode cacher, meaning that it accelerates the performance of PHP on servers.
qsqldatabase The QSqlDatabase class represents a connection to a database in Qt 5.0.
datagridtextcolumn Represents a DataGrid column that hosts textual content in its cells.
msn MSN is an Internet service provider and Internet portal which provides basically a collection of Internet sites and services such as instant messagi…
django-guardian an implementation of per object permissions on top of Django's authorization backend
angular-seed an application skeleton for a typical AngularJS web app
ngmodel Use ngmodel for questions related to the ng-model AngularJS directive.
windows-phone-7.1.1 The March 2012 CTP update to the SDK, primarily released to support the new, lower memory devices, and including a 256MB emulator alongside the standard 512MB one
firefox-marionette a remote-control for Firefox and other Mozilla products
coreldraw a vector graphics editor and the name of Corel's Graphics Suite.
org-babel an extension of GNU EMACS org-mode, for executing and evaluating source code from within org-mode documents
angularjs-model The ngModel directive binds an input, select, textarea to a property on the scope using NgModelController, which is created and exposed by this directive.
self-referencing-table Refers to database tables with a column that is a foreign key to another column within the same table.
type-bounds null
pepper to ask general or specific questions about the Pepper robot
xgettext null
boost-hana a C++14-based metaprogramming library
jquery-ui-map the Google maps v3 plugin for jQuery and jQuery Mobile
imagesloaded null
jde The BlackBerry® Java® Development Environment is a fully integrated development environment and simulation tool for building Java Platform, Micro Edition
wdf a set of Microsoft tools that aid in the creation of device drivers for Windows 2000 and later versions of Windows
themoviedb-api a simple API for getting community built content for movies and actors from TheMovieDB site
mailjet All in one email provider accessible via API or SMTP
idispatch The IDispatch interface exposes objects, methods and properties to programming tools and other applications that support Automation.
unity3d-editor May be used for either general editor-specific questions or for questions on the UnityEditor namespace, which is typically used to modify/extend the Unity editor GUI and behavior.
google-gears Gears, formerly Google Gears, was software offered by Google that
flask-mail The Flask-Mail extension provides a simple interface to set up SMTP with your Flask application and to send messages from your views and scripts.
grequests GRequests allows you to use Requests with Gevent to make asyncronous HTTP Requests easily.
web-performance Related to the discipline of improving the performance of web pages
foxx ArangoDB Foxx can serve as a lean application server in any single page application
fragment-lifecycle null
pre-trained-model null
rsvp.js A lightweight library that provides tools for organizing asynchronous code
gs-vlookup A Google Spreadsheets function that uses a search_key to look in the first column of a specified range and return the value in a column of the range, specified by a 1-based index, from the first row i…
off-screen null
noindex The noindex value of an HTML robots meta tag requests that automated Internet bots avoid indexing a web page.
php-mongodb MongoDB driver: PHP Extension for Mongo DB
class-table-inheritance one of several techniques for designing SQL tables in situations where subclasses that extend classes would apply if SQL had a mechanism for inheritance, which it doesn't.
toplevel toplevel may refer to: 1
mediaextractor Android API MediaExtactor facilitates extraction of demuxed, typically encoded, media data from a data source
git-tower a Git client for macOS and Windows
lumen-5.2 Lumen 5.2 uses the 5.2 family of Laravel components, as well as introduces some significant changes to Lumen's underlying philosophy and purpose
dwscript an object-oriented scripting engine for Delphi based on the Delphi language, with extensions borrowed from other Pascal languages .
incremental-build When dealing with large project, incremental build takes care to build only what has been modified and its impacts.
dotnetbrowser for questions about DotNetBrowser, a Chromium-based control which allows .NET applications to display web pages.
fest FEST is a collection of APIs to facilitate Java software testing
edit-in-place a user interface component, typically web-based, that hides input elements until an action is taken by the user .
event-dispatching null
gridviewcolumn a control in WPF which separates the Grid and ListView controls with columns.
groovy-console a Java Swing based graphical user interface that is packaged with the Groovy distribution
google-reflections null
gui-designer null
glulookat a function in the OpenGL Utility Library that defines a view transformation
gnutls a secure communications library implementing the SSL, TLS and DTLS protocols and technologies around them
google-cloud-logging Google Cloud Logging collects and stores logs from applications and services on the Google Cloud Platform
hgsubversion an extension for Mercurial that allows using Mercurial as a Subversion client.
insets inclusion of smaller elements within larger elements; includes html elements, pictures, graphs
mmo A massively multiplayer online game is a multiplayer video game which is capable of supporting hundreds or thousands of players simultaneously
nested-repeater when the structure is like that one Repeater is placed inside another Repeater
nanoc a static site generator, fit for building anything from a small personal blog to a large corporate web site.
junction a symbolic link of a special type of file that contains a reference to another file or directory
jettison a collection of Java APIs which read and write JSON.
internet-radio an audio service which is broadcast over the internet, rather than by 'traditional' wireless means.
lidar an optical remote sensing technology that measures properties of scattered light to find range and/or other information of a distant target.
locality-sensitive-hash a method of probabilistic dimension reduction.
libxslt the XSLT C library developed for the GNOME project
cmder a software package created out of pure frustration over the absence of nice console emulators on Windows
circuit-breaker a design pattern in modern software development
clipboardmanager an Android service that is responsible for system-wide clipboard management.
blockly an open-source web-based, graphical programming environment that enables users to write JavaScript, Python, PHP, and Dart programs by moving around blocks
camanjs javascript library for manipulating images using the HTML5 canvas.
doevents null
djangoappengine a pluggable Django app that allows you to use App Engine's datastore with Django.
condor a freely available workload management system designed to enable high-throughput computing processes across local and distributed computer networks
curly-brackets The symbols , commonly used in programming languages
postmark Postmark helps deliver and track transactional emails for web applications
activity-transition Activity transitions in material design apps provide visual connections between different states through motion and transformations between common elements
android-viewbinder an Android class that can be used with an adapter to modify the way that adapter binds its data to its views.
android-filterable null
android-resolution The screen resolution of an Android device
patindex null
gae-search The Search API allows your application to perform Google-like searches over structured data
vagrant-plugin used to change how Vagrant does something or to add extended functionality to Vagrant.
airdrop a Wi-Fi service in Apple's OS X and iOS operating systems that lets users send files, clippings, webpages, and more to each other.
utilization null
kendo-autocomplete An auto-complete UI widget for html5 in the Kendo UI Web product.
asp.net-core-viewcomponent ASP.NET Core MVC feature similar to partial views, with much more powerful functionality and reusable rendering logic that's too complex for a partial view.
container-view null
excel-udf VBA procedures that typically take inputs to return a result to either a worksheet cell, or to another VBA procedure
dpapi the API in Windows that allows a program to store , like passwords
domain-object objects made for dealing with the domain logic at the Model layer
deltaspike a set of CDI extensions meant to ease application development both in and out of Java EE containers.
data-connections null
azure-resource-group null
azure-scheduler Windows Azure Scheduler allows you to invoke actions—such as calling HTTP/S endpoints or posting a message to a storage queue—on any schedule
changelist On many version control systems with atomic multi-change commits, a changelist, change set, or patch identifies the set of changes made in a single commit
listcollectionview a specialized data view that the WPF internals create whenever a collection is used as a binding source and the collection itself inherits from the IList interface.
lokijs an in-memory JavaScript datastore wih persistence.
isomorphism an invertible mapping between two mathematical structures, which guarantees that they are indistinguishable from one another by analizing their mappings from and into other structure…
junit-runner The JUnit runner checks, makes and launches the unit tests.
justmock a mocking framework for unit testing .NET code
notserializableexception required to have a Serializable interface.
nvl a SQL function present in its vendor-specific implementation by Oracle
nslayoutmanager Glyph layout engine in iOS and OSX
microsoft-project-vba Visual Basic for Applications for Microsoft Project
gemspecs The gemspec file defines a Gem::Specification object.
getenv Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getenv` or `std::getenv`
handheld null
ems The common acronym for the general idea of an a set of published Enterprise-wide standards that allows organizations to integrate comp…
dynamicmethod a .Net class that can be used to define a method at runtime using CIL.
split-apply-combine Split-apply-combine operations refer to a common type data manipulation where a function/statistic is computed on several chunks of data independently
wkhtmltoimage a program capable of converting HTML documents into images.
sphinxql a SQL dialect that enables Sphinx search functionality in a standard SQL syntax.
natural-join one that joins on all like-named columns between tables
4d-database an integrated development platform containing all of the components needed to create and distribute professional applications.
aabb a box aligned with the axes of a Cartesian co-ordinate frame
dynamic-dispatch the process of selecting which implementation of a polymorphic operation to call at runtime.
gjs a JavaScript binding for GNOME
lsa LSA stands for Latent Semantic Analysis, a natural language processing technique which involves analysing the relationships between documents and terms they contain by producing a set of related conce…
gksession discover nearby iOS Devices using Bluetooth or Wifi
clean-architecture a software architecture proposed by Robert C
php-parse-error A PHP 'Parse error' signifies that the syntax of the PHP script is somehow incorrect
torquebox a Ruby application platform that runs on top of JBoss AS.
snapkit A Swift Autolayout DSL for iOS & macOS
assembly-binding-redirect Redirect compile-time binding references to .NET assemblies to a different version
node-streams null
titanium-android The Titanium SDK provides community developers with an unmatched ability to create quality native, mobile web or rich hybrid applications to all platforms from a single code base, using JavaScript.
tinymce-plugins null
hyperterminal null
consistent-hashing Consistent Hashing, a process discovered by Karger et al
xom a new XML object model
secure-coding null
ie-compatibility-mode an Internet Explorer setting that allows proper user experience for websites that are designed for an earlier version of Internet Explorer.
cubic-spline a smooth 3-order polynomial function that is piecewise-defined, and possesses a high degree of smoothness at the knots where the polynomial pieces connect.
controlpanel null
mogrify a tool from the imagemagick suite of programs and performs many actions such as resize and convert upon image files
sink Command in the programming language R
reportserver null
reporters An R package to generate Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint and HTML reports.
file-ownership A file system attribute used mainly for access control to file resources.
rx-kotlin RxJava bindings for Kotlin programming language
workload-scheduler an IBM Bluemix service, SaaS and on-premise software used to automate the execution of workflows across systems and applications in a hybrid environment
tadoquery null
pdu Protocol Data Unit
pearson-correlation In statistics, the Pearson product-movement correlation coefficient is a measure of the linear correlation between two variables, giving a value between one and negative one inclusive, where one is th…
android-authenticator null
typecasting-operator null
google-wave a open source, real time collaboration web application provided by Google, extensible by developers via robots and gadgets.
htk HTK - HMM Tool Kit A set of tools for training, testing and deploying Hidden Markov Models for statistical machine learning tasks, such as Speaker Verification and Recognition
ngsanitize The `ngSanitize` module provides functionality to sanitize HTML.
feature-descriptor a phrase in computer vision which is a way to describe the points of interest in a video or image.
apollostack null
azure-storage-files null
ng2-translate null
multiautocompletetextview An auto-complete textview which supports multiple strings, usually separated by a comma.
nette an open source tool for PHP web development
netmsmqbinding a WCF specific binding that pushes/pulls .NET data directly into MSMQ.
data-munging The process of taking raw data and parsing, filtering, extracting, organizing, combining, cleaning or otherwise converting it into a consistent useable form for further processing or input to an algor…
xaudio2 null
youtube-analytics YouTube Analytics let you monitor the performance of your channel and your videos with up to date metrics.
jsr352 JSR 352: Batch Applications for the Java Platform
zend-framework-modules null
ws-trust a WS-* specification and OASIS standard that provides extensions to WS-Security
telemetry Telemetry refers to software which automates the process of measuring physical hardware status information, mapping it to a metadata format, and transmitting the results
oracledb null
oracle-ebs Oracle's E-Business Suite consists of a collection of enterprise resource planning , customer relationship management , and supply-chain man…
perfect-numbers a positive integer that is equal to the sum of its proper positive divisors, that is, the sum of its positive divisors excluding the number itself
phobos the official runtime and standard library of the D programming language.
post-build null
port80 Port 80 in Internet refers to TCP port 80, most often used by HyperText Transfer Protocol
resharper-6.0 is a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008 and 2010
realpath The canonical path of the specified filename.
quartz.net-2.0 an open source job scheduling library for .NET
serverxmlhttp Object Model component on Windows systems that provides methods and properties that enable you to establish an HTTP connection between files or objects on different Web servers.It's part of MSXML serv…
select-string a powershell cmdlet that finds text in strings and files.
salesforce-chatter the social a collaborative layer on top of the salesforce.com CRM application/platform.
rowcommand null
vnc-viewer a viewer for Virtual Network Computing.
vault Vault is: A commercial, proprietary revision control system by SourceGear LLC which markets its product as a replacement for Microsoft's Visual Source Safe, a secret management tool by HashiCorp or a …
valuestack a context for the beans evaluated via the EL expressions.
winmain the user provided entry point for graphical Windows based applications.
text-indent css property that specifies how much horizontal space should be left before the beginning of the first line of the text content of an element
stack-smash causing the call stack in a program or operating system to overflow.
tbxml a light-weight XML document parser written in Objective-C designed for use on Apple iPad, iPhone & iPod Touch devices.
subforms for questions related to Subforms, which are part of a bigger form.
webvtt a plain-text subtitle format designed for use with HTML5 video.
webjob null
twitter-card With Twitter Cards, you can attach rich photos, videos and media experience to Tweets that drive traffic to your website
tlbimp a Microsoft tool that converts the type definitions found within a COM type library into equivalent definitions in a common language runtime assembly.
ubuntu-9.10 For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 9.10.
rowname The name of rows in a dataframe.
runtime-compilation for questions related to Runtime Compilation, i.e
sar null
serverless-architecture null
refs null
perltk Perl's TK module provides a complete interface to Tk, a GUI toolkit, while providing an Object Oriented interface to Perl code.
percent-encoding the way that non-alphabet characters are encoded in URLs and URIs .
opentext a company based out of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada
opendata Open Data generally refers to machine readable data which is made freely available for public consumption
xubuntu Questions relating to programing on or with Xubuntu, an official derivative of Ubuntu based on XFCE
linklabel Represents a Windows label control that can display hyperlinks
invokerequired InvokeRequired refers to the .NET WinForms Control.InvokeRequired method, which needs to be checked before UI updates are made.
netbsd an advanced unix-like operating system for modern server, desktop, and embedded computer platforms
netbeans6.5 the version 6.5 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
netbeans6.7 the version 6.7 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
froogaloop a small JavaScript utility framework for controlling and interacting with an embedded Vimeo Player iframe
ios-animations Animations provide fluid visual transitions between different states of your user interface.
angular2-animation null
waffle a Windows authentication framework for Java and C#.
integrated-pipeline-mode a new mode in IIS7 where IIS pipeline is tightly integrated as ASP.NET request pipeline.
logitech a global provider of personal peripherals for computers and other digital platforms.
log-shipping a process in various SQL server implementations that creates periodic log files of your primary database that can be applied to other copies of the database
parallel.for A .NET method that allow iterations of a for-like loop to execute in parallel using tasks.
parallel-coordinates diagrams in which each data column has its axis and each data point is represented by a line connecting all axis, and intersecting them at appropriate points dependent on data…
struts2-jquery-plugin A Plugin for the Struts2 web framework that provides Ajax functionality and UI Widgets based on the jQuery JavaScript framework.
push-api The Web Push API http://w3c.github.io/push-api/ lets users of your Web app receive push notifications at any time—even in the background; that is, even when your Web app is not currently running in th…
pushbullet a group of applications and an API for sharing files and notifications between devices.
acrobat-sdk The Software Developer Kit for Adobe Acrobat
pex-and-moles pex-and-moles developed by Microsoft research team
typeloadexception the exception that is thrown when type-loading failures occur.
sencha-charts a new add-on to Sencha Touch that we think will change how people interact with mobile web data
stretching null
bcs a set of services and features that connect SharePoint-based solutions to sources of external data
mintty a terminal emulator for Cygwin and MSYS, it is based on the code from PuTTY 0.60.
mojibake the phenomenon which occurs when human readable characters are converted from a byte stream using the wrong character encoding, resulting in a sequence of characters which is unreadable to…
mongo-c-driver Officially supported C Driver for MongoDB
tui Text User Interface development: command line, menu driven or full screen applications.
uitableviewautomaticdimension a constant value that can be assigned to UITableView's rowHeight property to enable mechanism of automatic cell's height calculation
conversion-operator A language feature to allow an object to specify how it can be converted to another type, either implicitly to satisfy a type restriction or explicitly.
dbref mongodb - Database references
vs-community-edition null
munit a Mule application testing framework that allows you to easily build automated tests for your integrations and APIs
main-method null
uidocumentpickervc null
khan-academy for questions related to interfacing with Khan Academy, such as through the Khan Academy API
javapos a standard for interfacing POS software, written in Java,
fputs Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `fputs` or `std::fputs`
ruby-2.3 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.3
connection-reset null
ssdp a protocol for advertizing and discovering services on the network
android-studio-import null
libmysql a client library for connecting C written application to MySql.
librosa a python package for music and audio analysis.
dwolla Dwolla allows anyone connected to the Internet to safely send and receive money
inappsettingskit an open source solution to to easily add in-app settings to your iPhone apps
splunk-query null
dotnetnuke-6 an Open Source Content Management System based on .Net language.
elasticsearch-py Python's official low-level client for Elasticsearch
elementwise-operations null
eoferror The Python `EOFError` exception.
eye-tracking Is the specific task of detecting and tracking eyes over frames captured from a camera or video.
fingerprinting a procedure that maps an arbitrarily large data item to a much shorter bit string
floating-point-exceptions Codes that make heavy use of floating point computations need to successfully alert the user when a particular mathematical operation results in an invalid computation
geddy a simple, stuctured framework for node.js
google-provisioning-api The Google Apps Provisioning API has been officially deprecated as of May 15, 2013
github-enterprise a web-based commercial hosting service for software development projects that use the Git revision control system.
iccube-reporting Related to the reporting functionality of ICCube plateforme -> http://www.iccube.com/
hipchat an instant-messaging service developed by Atlassian for group or one-to-one chat.
html5shiv an emulation of a HTML5 API for a browser which does not have native support.
node-amqp an AMQP client for nodejs.
jsonkit A Very High Performance Objective-C JSON Library, licensed under the terms of the BSD License
jscript.net a .NET programming language developed by Microsoft.
jqbootstrapvalidation JQuery validation plugin for bootstrap forms.
long-click In touch based user interfaces a long-click refers to pressing a control for a prolonged time in order to achieve additional functionality.
long-long The `long long` size modifier was introduced in C++11 and can be used with integral types to select an integer of at least 64 bits.
low-memory null
keyboard-navigation null
clipboard.js a modern approach to copy text to clipboard
clicklistener A Listener Object that reacts to 'click' events triggered from an input device, such as a Mouse
policies null
bash4 is a Unix shell written by Brian Fox for the GNU Project as a free software replacement for the Bourne shell
bitwise-xor Anything related to the bitwise-XOR operation, i.e
django-sites a framework for associating objects and functionality to particular Web sites
dirname null
device-manager a program accessible through the Windows Control Panel and is used for managing hardware on a PC
device-context used to define the attributes of text and images that are output to the screen or printer in the Microsoft Windows GDI application programming interface
contentpane null
appdynamics application performance management software designed to help dev and ops troubleshoot problems in complex production apps.
adaptive-design Server side approach which uses a predefined set of layouts and appearances based on the user's preferences and platform on which they are viewing the page to style the page
affdex-sdk for questions regarding the usage of Affectiva's emotion recognition SDKs
message-hub Based on Apache Kafka, IBM® Message Hub for Bluemix™ is a scalable, distributed, high throughput message bus to unite your on-premise and off-premise cloud technologies.
r.net R.NET enables the .NET Framework to interoperate with the R statistical language in the same process.
altitude the vertical elevation of an object above a surface of a planet or natural satellite
df a Unix and Linux command
pathos 'pathos' provides a fork of python's 'multiprocessing', where 'pathos.multiprocessing' can send a much broader range of the built-in python types across a parallel 'map' and 'pipe'
ef4-code-only null
asset-management null
atg-dynamo Dynamo Application Server was a Java EE-conformant application server developed by Art Technology Group .
column-count The column-count CSS property describes the number of columns in an element.
domain-events null
dojo.gridx
dangling-pointer Dangling pointers and wild pointers in computer programming are pointers that do not point to a valid object of the appropriate type.
debug-mode null
bitwise-or A bitwise OR operation takes two bit patterns of equal length and performs the logical OR operation on each pair of corresponding bits among the operators
bitstring Python module for handling binary data
bitflags the use of individual bits in a byte to represent boolean values.
bltoolkit Business Logic Toolkit for .NET.
border-box one of the 3 allowed values for the CSS box-sizing property
wercker a continuous delivery platform that helps developers reduce risk and eliminate waste by testing and deploying their code often
jgoodies The JGoodies Swing Suite provides components and solutions that complement Swing to solve common user interface tasks
javaw The javaw tool launches a Java application
jackson-dataformat-xml Data format extension for Jackson to offer alternative support for serializing POJOs as XML and deserializing XML as pojos.
microsoft-reporting null
mmdrawercontroller a lightweight, easy to use, Side Drawer Navigation Controller
mod-headers An Apache module which provides directives to control and modify HTTP request and response headers.
html5lib a library for parsing and serializing HTML documents and fragments in Python, with ports to Dart, PHP, and Ruby.
html5-fullscreen The feature of the HTML5 Javascript API that allows for a document element to be displayed fullscreen.
html.textboxfor Method that outputs an HTML input element of type=
hit information technology applied to health care
gitlab-api the api for the GitLab Community Edition.
flappy-bird-clone Questions about implementing 'Flappy Bird' game mechanics & features, and variations thereof.
finalbuilder a build and distribution automation product by VSoft Technologies
facter an independent, cross-platform Ruby library bundled with Puppet, designed to gather basic node information about the hardware and operating system
dynamic-queries null
dongle a small piece of hardware, which is usually plugged to a computer via a USB port
meego Open Source Operating System primarily for the mobile devices and developed by Nokia and Intel
aspnet-regiis.exe the ASP.NET IIS Registration Tool
screen-density null
sector null
weblogic9.x The 9.x release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE application server suite from Oracle
javap javap - The Java Class File Disassembler
google-experiments a somewhat different approach from either standard A/B or multivariate testing
google-latitude a tool to track and share your location.
idle-timer null
vrml a 3D markup language implemented as a browser plug-in.
turbo-pascal an old software development system including a compiler and an integrated development environment for the Pascal programming language running on CP/M, CP/M-86, and DOS.
this-pointer a compiler generated pointer during a function call that points to the object upon which that function gets called.
object-graph null
object-oriented-database ODBMS: a database management system that represents information as objects, like in object-oriented programming
openoffice-basic a programming language which is based on StarOffice Basic and bears similarity to Microsoft VBA.
singular a mathematical term indicating an undefined point on a set
replay null
requesthandler null
gzipinputstream a Java class for reading data that are compressed in gzip format
boost-multi-array a C++ library that provides a class template for multidimensional arrays, as well as semantically equivalent adaptors for arrays of contiguous data.
react-chartjs interactive react charting components using the chart.js framework
redefine null
angularjs-nvd3-directives AngularJS directives for creating charts based on d3.js.
pgrouting pgRouting extends the PostGIS / PostgreSQL geospatial database to provide geospatial routing functionality
osx-gatekeeper a new feature in OS X Mountain Lion that helps protect users from downloading and installing malicious software
matlab-class One of the object oriented programming features in MATLAB is the ability to define classes, which can be used to facilitate encapsulation of data and operations
jitter null
restrict-qualifier a keyword that could applied to a pointer to an object
http-content-length The Content-Length header specifies the length of the content, both for requests and responses.
rails-3-upgrade trying to upgrade an existing 2.3+ Ruby on Rails Application to the more recent version, like 3.0 and up.
http-options-method commonly used to ask a Web server which HTTP methods the server allows; servers typically respond with just a set of headers that includes the Allow header, whose va…
integration-tests null
atlassian-fisheye a web-based source code browser supporting multiple version control systems.
nhibernate-3 for Nhibernate version 3.x series specific question.
autocmd Vim commands you can specify to be executed automatically when reading or writing a file, when entering or leaving a buffer or window, and when exiting Vim
block-device null
intune Microsoft Intune provides mobile device management, mobile application management, and PC management capabilities from the cloud.
xdt-transform a technique used in Microsoft Visual Studio for modifying Web.config files, typically for debug and release deployment scenarios.
xenforo a commercial Internet forum software package written in the PHP programming language using the Zend Framework
ws-addressing a specification of transport-neutral mechanism that allows web services to communicate addressing information.
clojure.spec a Clojure language feature introduced in Clojure 1.9 for defining predicative and structural data and function definitions.
registerstartupscript a function of the `ScriptManager` in ASP.NET AJAX.
database-concurrency a database property that allows users to access data at the same time.
paint-code a vector drawing app that generates CoreGraphics code in real time for Objective-C , Swift or Xamarin.iOS.
picketlink an umbrella project for security and identity management for Java Applications
proj4js an open source JavaScript library that transforms map coordinates between different coordinate systems and projections.
progressive-download the transfer of digital media files from a server to a client, typically using the HTTP protocol when initiated from a computer.
remoteapp a special mode of Remote Desktop Services, available in Windows Server 2008 R2 and later, where remote session configuration is integrated into the client operating system.
qnx-neutrino the latest incarnation of QNX's Real-Time Operating System that is both full-featured and robust, but can also scale down to meet the constrained resource requirements of realtime embe…
readonlycollection Represents a strongly-typed, read-only collection of elements.
rational-team-concert a complete Application Lifecycle Management suite, offered by IBM
server-side-validation null
run-script null
samsung-galaxy-gear Tizen powered smartwatch produced by Samsung, primarily used to control and sync with Samsung smartphones.
rnotebook null
trace32 an In-Circuit Debugger.
tqdm Questions related to progress bar tqdm usage in Python or shell.
wcf-hosting null
volume-rendering null
subitem for questions related to subitems, i.e
sudzc SudzC generates code for multiple platforms for accessing SOAP-based web services
stripe.js for Stripe.js
system-shutdown Shutting down the current operating system
spring-cloud-task Spring Cloud Task allows a user to develop and run short lived microservices using Spring Cloud and run them locally, in the cloud, even on Spring Cloud Data Flow
sizetofit - sizeToFit Resizes and moves the receiver view so it just encloses its subviews.
silktest Borland's test automation solution for development, quality and business teams
socket.io-redis Adapter to enable broadcasting of events to multiple separate socket.io server nodes.
vmware-server null
watchify Watchify allows you to send all your notifications to your SmartWatch2
visualtreehelper null
tiles-3 for use with Apache Tiles version 3 and greater
twitter-gem A Ruby wrapper for the Twitter API.
unidata an extended relational database and integrated development environment
servicecontroller null
scss-lint a tool to help keep your SCSS files clean and readable
rep a base package function in R to replicate the elements of a vector
revolution-r production-grade analytics software built upon the powerful open source R statistics language.
popularity for questions relevant with objects/entities/etc
paxos a family of protocols for a network of unreliable processors to agree on a result.
pax null
oncreateoptionsmenu null
database-agnostic specifies that the question is independent of any particular database and the sql should work in any rdbms.
labeling null
json-server json-server allows you to rapidly create a REST API server that delivers JSON data.
distributed-database Anything related to distributed databases and the techniques and the tools used to manage them
rgeo a geospatial data library for Ruby.
proto null
nhibernate-projections null
api-platform.com should be used for all questions related to API Platform, a framework to create API-first web projects
windows-dev-center Windows dev center handles all developer/owner administration of Windows applications
firebase-test-lab Firebase Test Lab provides cloud-based infrastructure for testing Android apps
http-patch one of the http-request methods
htmltextwriter Writes markup characters and text to an ASP.NET server control output stream
iptc IPTC Information Interchange Model
qevent a class from the Qt toolkit which forms the base class of all other event classes.
footnotes An additional piece of information printed at the bottom of a page.
orphan Orphan refers to code or data which exists outside of its intended context.
pester a unit test framework for PowerShell
viewswitcher an Android widget that switches between two views only one being visible at a time.
react-google-maps Questions regarding Reactjs component for google maps by tomchentw
onstart onStart refers to one of the lifecycle methods for several components on the Android platform.
dronekit-python for questions on the Python library for the DroneKit set of APIs for drones from 3D Robotics.
essbase one of Oracle Corporation's Multidimensional database products
symbolic-computation Symbolic computation or algebraic computation or computer algebra relates to algorithms and software for manipulating mathematical expressions and equations in symbolic form, as opposed to manipulatin…
error-detection null
hamiltonian-cycle a cycle in a directed or undirected graph that visits each node/vertex exactly once.
anomaly-detection In data mining, anomaly detection is the identification of items, events or observations which do not conform to an expected pattern or other items in a dataset.
illuminate-container a full database toolkit for PHP, providing an expressive query builder, ActiveRecord style ORM, and schema builder
ghcjs a Haskell to JavaScript compiler using the GHC API.
simplex a generalization of the notion of a triangle or tetrahedron to arbitrary dimension.
wcm Web Content Management or WCM
automata-theory Automata theory studies classes of algorithms which can be defined using abstract machines
dbcc DBCC stands for Database Console Commands in Transact-SQL.
novell An operating system, originally NetWare, now Linux-based
scala-compiler null
docker-for-mac a native Mac application that uses xhyve to virtualize the Docker Engine environment and Linux kernel-specific features for the Docker daemon.
multi-tier In software engineering, multi-tier architecture is a client–server architecture in which presentation, application processing and data management functions …
google-guava-cache null
webrole null
scriplets a piece of Java-code embedded in the HTML-like JSP code
apache-stringutils a class belonging to Apache Commons package
mura an open source content management system for CFML, created by Blue River Interactive.
xposed a framework allowing to , which is the heart of the Android runtime
android-scrollbar null
android-tabbed-activity null
ckrecord a CloudKit object which is an array of key-value pairs that can be used to fetch and save data of an app
guice-3 Google Guice 3.0 Release
slicers Slicers provide buttons that you can click to filter PivotTable data in Excel
platform-builder a programming tool that allows building a customized version of Windows CE or Windows Mobile.It is also used on development of device…
catalan mainly used in computer science with enumerating full binary trees or solving combinatorial problems
sonarqube5.3 the SonarQube 5.3.x specific tag
mediatr a simple, open source mediator implementation in .NET.
mdb2 A database abstraction layer for PHP.
comtypes a lightweight Python COM package, based on the ctypes FFI library.
lumia-imaging-sdk giving you access to a powerful library of exciting image-manipulation tools, which makes creating the next generation of imaging apps for Windows and Windows Phone 8.1 devices qu…
dot-matrix a 2-dimensional patterned array, used to represent characters, symbols and images
splitview A view/screen containing multiple independent views/screens.
drawing2d null
elastix an open source software package that joins IP PBX, email, IM, faxing and collaboration functionality.
elasticsearch-mapping the process of defining how a document should be mapped to the
eai Enterprise Application Integration refers to the use of architectural principles, architectural frameworks, and software middleware to integrate computer systems and applications as unified solu…
enlive a Clojure library for HTML/XML extraction, transformation, and templating.
formal-methods a particular kind of mathematically-based techniques for the specification, development and verification of software and hardware systems.
getlasterror part of Microsoft Windows and is part of an error-reporting mechanism used by many libraries.
generator-expression A generalization of Python generators and list comprehensions, producing elements from a loop expression on demand.
google-cloud-endpoints-v2 Google Cloud Endpoints Frameworks v2 replaces v1
google-caja a tool for safely embedding active Web content including HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.
gridview-sorting Process of data arrangement in a gridview control
holoviews a Python library that makes analyzing and visualizing scientific or engineering data much simpler, more intuitive, and more easily reproducible.
iboutletcollection a tag applied to an instance-variable declaration so that the Interface Builder application can recognize the instance variable as an outlet and synchronize th…
implicit-cast no such thing as an implicit cast
import-csv null
massive A single file database access tool based on .NET 4 dynamics made by Rob Conery.
nlb short for Network Load Balancing, used to balance load across multiple servers by round robin or other queuing techniques.
nstextfieldcell null
networkimageview null
newrelic-platform New Relic's plugin development platform
musicbrainz a community maintained database of music information
joomla3.4 The latest Joomla! stable version including features as: Frontend Module Editing, Google reCAPTCHA, Collapsible Sidebar, Composer Integration, Extension Beta Testing.
jsonreader null
machine.config null
lightgallery a customizable, modular, responsive, lightbox gallery plugin for jQuery.
clickhouse an open-source column-oriented DBMS for real time analytical reporting
botan a BSD-licensed crypto library for C++ applications
buck a build system developed and used by Facebook
codeigniter-restserver A fully RESTful server implementation for CodeIgniter using one library, one config file and one controller.
contenttype In Microsoft SharePoint Foundation 2010, a content type is a reusable collection of settings that you want to apply to a certain category of content.
cythonize for questions about the compilation of python extension modules based on cython using
android-query a light-weight library for doing asynchronous tasks and manipulating UI elements in Android.
anchor-scroll Used in Angular.js - checks current value of $location.hash and scroll to related element, according to rules specified in Html5 spec
kcachegrind Visual support for the cachegrind skin of the memory analyzer Valgrind.
pacemaker Pacemaker is, according to its website, an Open Source, High Availability resource manager suitable for both small and large clusters.
alertview null
adaptive-layout a technique for supporting multiple display sizes and orientations in iOS applications.
actualwidth set by the rendering system, and may be different depending on the widths of other elements and overall size constraints
postorder A method of traversing binary trees, in which the node is processed after its children.
elastic-ip a static IP address designed for dynamic cloud computing.
arcanist an interface to Phabricator, and provides command-line access to many of its tools
css-counter variables that are maintained and manipulated by CSS rules to count the number of times they have been used within the document
cpprest-sdk a Microsoft project for cloud-based client-server communication in native code using a modern asynchronous C++ API design
containment null
decibel Anything related to the usage of the decibel
device-detection the process of deducing information, such as usable screen width and browser type, about a client device
directdraw a deprecated API that used to be a part of Microsoft's DirectX API.
browserfield a class of BlackBerry which is used to display web content within BlackBerry Java Application
clearance a Ruby gem for authenticating users with email and password in Rails apps.
cell-formatting null
cac a United States Department of Defense smart card, used for email signing, authentication, and access to DoD computers and networks.
wiimote The Wii Remote, also known as the Wiimote, is the primary controller for Nintendo's Wii console.
location-client the main entry point for location related APIs, such as location and geofence.
make-shared a function for creating shared pointers introduced in C++11.
language-theory null
istream-iterator input iterators that read successive elements from an input stream
n2cms a lightweight open source content management system that runs on top of ASP.NET.
network-flow a directed graph with a capacity for each edge that can propagate a flow from a source to a sink
nyromodal a highly customizable modal window plugin for jQuery
nlopt a nonlinear optimization library written in C by Steven G
node-crypto Node.js crypto module provides cryptographic functionality that includes a set of wrappers for OpenSSL's hash, HMAC, cipher, decipher, sign and verify functions
nservicebus4 a highly pluggable, reliable, open source Enterprise Service Bus built on .NET.
meta-key null
mql5 a built-in language for programming trading strategies
ildasm Microsoft intermediate language Disassembler
helpermethods null
heterogeneous ambiguous
file-uri a URI scheme specified in RFC 1630 and RFC 1738, typically used to retrieve files from within one's own computer.
fibers primitives for implementing light weight cooperative concurrency in Ruby
extjs6-modern The modern toolkit provides universal HTML5 application support for all modern browsers from desktop to phone
dotcms an open source Java based Content Management System or if you prefer: Web Content Management system
plantuml Open-Source tool in Java to draw UML Diagrams
gstreamer-1.0 null
modeless null
initializing null
phplist the world's most popular open source email campaign manager
coldfusionbuilder a professional IDE from Adobe® for quickly and easily building ColdFusion applications.
ssr null
sql-server-2012-datatools Microsoft SQL Server Data Tools provides an integrated environment for database developers to carry out all their database design work for any SQL Server platform within Visu…
flask-extensions pluggable helper libraries/packages, which add commonly used web application functionalities to a Flask application
rubiks-cube a 3-D combination puzzle invented in 1974 by Hungarian sculptor and professor of architecture Ernő Rubik.
searchlogic null
adlds Microsoft Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services is a Lightweight Directory Access Protocol directory service that provides flexible support for directory-enabled applications…
jquery-countdown A jQuery plugin that sets a div or span to show a countdown to a given time.
uninitialized-constant null
magick.net a .NET wrapper for image manipulation software ImageMagick.
nscollectionviewitem null
system-clock null
dbms-output null
site.master ASP.NET master pages allow you to create a consistent layout for the pages in your application.
requirejs-optimizer part of the r.js adapter for Node and Rhino, and it is designed to be run as part of a build or packaging step after you are done with development and are ready to deploy th…
getvalue null
rx-scala RxScala – Reactive Extensions for Scala
rx.net a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences and LINQ-style query operators.
jqvmap a jQuery plugin that renders Vector Maps
viola-jones The Viola–Jones object detection framework is the first object detection framework to provide competitive object detection rates in real-time proposed in 2001 by Paul Viola and Michael Jones.
pen null
market-basket-analysis Market basket analysis - a distinct concept in data mining involving the analysis of items frequently purchased together.
sendgrid-api-v3 Issues related to SendGrid service provider's API version No
organic-groups a Drupal module that enables users to create and manage groups.
action-mapping Maps a request URL to the Struts2 action.
test-explorer null
firewatir FireWatir stands for
paperclip-validation null
locomotivecms a CMS that is based on Ruby on Rails.
hot-module-replacement hot module replacement means code changes appear instantly in the browser without the need to rebuild the entire app.
ng-modules null
w3.css For questions relating to W3.CSS, a responsive CSS framework created by w3schools.com
back4app a mobile-backend-as-a-service platform
babel-polyfill null
python-sip a python library used to port native C/C++ APIs into Python
netnamedpipebinding null
net-sftp a ruby library for interfacing with native SFTP connections
black-box-testing testing tests a device, program, application, etc., as a whole
azure-cognitive-services for Azure Cognitive services & labs related questions including Vision, Speech, Language, Knowledge & Search APIs and SDKs.
qtconsole a very lightweight widget that largely feels like a terminal, but provides a number of enhancements only possible in a GUI, such as inline figures, proper multiline editing with syntax hi…
mta Multiple Threaded Apartment of the Component Object Model , as opposed to STA
working-copy null
xmlspy an advanced XML editor with support for XML Schema, XSLT, XPath, XQuery, WSDL, SOAP, XBRL, JSON, and more.
lambdaj a library to manipulate a collections without any iterations.
cross-entropy null
opencv-stitching Stitching module of OpenCV
oracle-text a tool for building text query applications and document classification applications on top of Oracle databases
page-editor a feature of Web Content Management Systems that allows authors to create and edit content with a WYSIWYG interface.
pprint a Python module used for “pretty-printing” arbitrary data structures.
setupapi a Win32API that is used for installing device drivers and in enumerating existing devices on a Windows computer.
self-extracting an archive that doesn't require any special application to extract its contents.
row-level-security database security term which relates to the ability to define and enforce access control logic on rows of data such that a user can only retrieve the rows of data he or she is al…
runloop the concept of running a local loop waiting for a specific event or timeout.
scatter3d Three-Dimensional Scatterplots and Point Identification
typhoeus a Ruby networking library that is designed to be very fast and handles making concurrent requests elegantly.
triples an assertion of the form subject-predicate-object, for example
vmware-clarity VMware’s extensible product-based framework for building clean, crisp, and modern apps
vorbis Questions related to Vorbis audio compression standard
v-for null
software-packaging commonly used with Linux-based operating systems, a package is a specific piece of software which the system can install and uninstall.
sitecore-media-library The Media Library contains all the media content that can be used in a Sitecore Web site — images, animations, movies, PDF documents, and so on.
spring4d Spring Framework for Delphi is an open-source code library targeting Delphi 2010 onward
systray null
str-to-date null
subsonic2.2 null
vlan In computer networking, a single layer-2 network may be partitioned to create multiple distinct broadcast domains, which are mutually isolated so that packets can only pass between them via one or mor…
virtualizingstackpanel Arranges and virtualizes content on a single line that is oriented either horizontally or vertically.
web-interface null
winmm null
twitterkit a set of SDKs for iOS and Android SDK for displaying Tweets, authorizing Twitter users, and working with the Twitter API.
unrar the name of two different command-line applications for extracting RAR archives.
unreal-blueprint Unreal Engine 4's visual programming structure
unnest a function from the tidyr package that can expand the list columns.
route-me null
self-host null
sequencing null
selenide a framework for writing easy-to-read and easy-to-maintain automated tests in Java.
server-explorer the server management console for Visual Studio.
sfx a computer executable program which contains data in an archive file combined with machine-executable program instructions to extract this information.
scrypt a key derivation function based on the concept of sequential memory-hard functions mostly used for password hashing.
returnurl redirected after being authenticated.
rewardedvideoad null
pydrive a wrapper library of google-api-python-client that simplifies many common Google Drive API tasks.
posixlt Class `POSIXct` represents the number of seconds since the beginning of 1970 as a numeric vector.
createprocessasuser null
data-acquisition Data acquisition deals with accessing, collecting, configuring and controlling external hardware such as sensors, computer ports, various instruments and measurement devices for the purpose of data …
database-locking null
regularized Regularization involves introducing additional information in order to solve an ill-posed problem or to prevent over-fitting by shrinking the parameters of the model stay close to zero
common.logging an Apache project that provides a consistent interface for Logging Implementations in Java
clojure-core.logic a Clojure logic programming framework based on minikanren.
cloudmade a company which offers a variety of services relating to OpenStreetMap data, such as rendered maps and geographical APIs.
xcrun xcrun provides to locate or invoke ios developer tools from the command-line to support multiple Xcode tool chains.
zend-form2 a class provided by the Zend Framework 2, an open source PHP >5.3 object oriented framework
ytplayerview YouTube's official iOS Player Helper class which facilitates the playback of YouTube videos in iOS applications.
jt400 the open source version of the IBM Toolbox for Java licensed program product, and contains the identical code
datamaps a Javascript library for customisable SVG maps built on D3.js.
datagridviewtextboxcell null
reactjs-testutils Unit testing helpers for reactjs
multi-agent a system composed of multiple interacting intelligent agents within a given environment based on the new paradigm for conceptualizing, designing, and implementing softwar…
fulltext-index null
ninja-forms a form creation framework for WordPress.
fast-forward Fast-forward term refer to DVCS merge technique.
firefox-addon-restartless A restartless or bootstrapped Firefox add-on is an add-on that does not require restarting the browser in order to install, enable, disable or remove it
random-effects null
jint a JavaScript interpreter for .NET.
mapbox-android Mapbox Android Services contains directions, geocoding, and many more APIs to use inside your Android or Java application
rdotnet a .NET Framework to allow interoperation with R statistical computing.
request-promise null
filefilter a standard function for many programming languages that processes a data structure in some order to produce a new data structure containing exactly those elements of the ori…
fileopendialog A User Interface that provides a dialog box, to open file
opensips a mature Open Source implementation of a SIP server.
hijri The Hijiri calendar, also known as the Islamic or Muslim calendar, is a lunar calendar consisting of 354 days divided among 12 months.
object-type a datatype which is used in object-oriented programming to wrap a non-object type to make it look like a dynamic object.
turnjs a jQuery plug-in that provides a page turning effect using HTML5
tun a virtual network layer device which operates in OSI layer 3.
dbghelp the short name of the Microsoft Debug Help library.
vsftpd a secure and fast FTP server for UNIX-like systems that is used on many large and critical Internet sites
converse.js a Javascript-based XMPP/Jabber chat client for websites.
magicsuggest a highly configurable jQuery plugin for Auto-suggest combo with bootstrap theme.
javaparser A Java Parser with AST generation and visitor support.
jquery-backstretch a small plugin for JQuery that displays a background image scaled to fit the browser window.
scrapinghub a web scraping development and services company, supplies cloud-based web crawling platforms.
gridstack a jQuery plugin for widget layout
flexjson a lightweight library for serializing and deserializing Java objects into and from JSON.
modelandview null
spectral null
luaj a pure Java implementation of a Lua interpreter
computercraft a Minecraft mod which adds Lua-based scripting.
event-binding Event binding connects an event handler to a specific event.
eaglview OpenGL view for iOS application.
elasticsearch-hadoop Elasticsearch real-time search and analytics natively integrated with Hadoop
fastboot a tool that comes with the Android SDK
gdcm a cross-platform library written in C++ for DICOM medical files
iirf a small, free, easy to use, URL rewriting ISAPI filter for IIS 6.0 and later
inspection null
google-cloud-console Google's developer experience for managing and viewing traffic data, authentication, and billing information for the Google APIs that your projects use.
google-maps-embed The Google Maps Embed API lets you add fully functional google maps or Street View panoramas to your website, when you don't want to use the Javascript API, but want an interactive map that the Static…
ms-access-2000 an older version of Microsoft's entry-level, SQL, database application platform.
morphological-analysis Morphological Analysis or General Morphological Analysis is a method developed by Fritz Zwicky for exploring all the possible solutions to a multi-dimensional, non-quantified complex prob…
mkstorekit a 3rd party framework for implementing In App Purchases in iOS apps
material-components Modular and customizable Material Design UI components
non-type Non-type means several different things in different languages......in python if a function has a return type it does not return anything
mutation-testing A method of software testing that involves modifying the source code or compiled intermediate code
jersey-test-framework null
jpype an effort to allow python programs full access to java class libraries
kotlinx.coroutines Library support for Kotlin coroutines in Kotlin/JVM and Kotlin/JS
jxtreetable A SwingX component to display hierarchical data in a table, with one column to expand and hide the hierarchy.
wfp Windows Filtering Platform - API for creating network filtering applications.
c++builder-xe The August 2010 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
celltemplate null
bunyan a simple and fast JSON logging library for node.js services and a CLI tool for nicely viewing those logs.
carddav an address book client/server protocol designed to allow users to access and share contact data on a server.
cardslib a Library that provides an easy way to display a UI Card in Android apps
bitmap-fonts Non-scalable font made out of bitmap images rather than vector data like in Truetype fonts
django-admin-filters a pluggable Django application which provides generic filters for the admin changelist view.
dalekjs an open source UI testing tool written in JavaScript.
column-chart null
cp1252 a character encoding of the Latin alphabet.
cookiestore null
cs3 null
asyncdisplaykit Texture is an open source iOS framework built on top of UIKit for creating smooth asynchronous user interfaces.
asp.net-boilerplate a starting point for new modern web applications using best practices and most popular tools
availability null
angular-providers constructor functions
aether a Java library that provides a foundation of standards and best practices for tools and systems that need to interact with software artifact libraries
custom-properties null
airbrake Capture and track your application's exceptions
aggregator null
validates-uniqueness-of a rails helper method for determining whether an attribute is unique throughout a system
microsoft-bits Background Intelligent Transfer Service is a component of Microsoft Windows XP and later operating systems that facilitates prioritized, throttled, and asynchronous transfer of files between ma…
pathogen a Vim runtime manager
cglayer null
ora-01722 ORA-01722: invalid number Cause: The attempted conversion of a character string to a number failed because the character string was not a valid numeric literal
superuser does NOT refer to the Super User SE site
surrogate-key A key in a database table, that has no intrinsic logical meaning, and was introduced for better physical organization of the database or other technical reasons.
rotator null
custom-titlebar null
aleagpu a cross-platform GPU development environment for .NET
shadow-copy used in an application domain to be updated without unloading the application domain
android-recents Recents provides an efficient way of switching between recently used applications
aquery a light-weight library for doing asynchronous tasks and manipulating UI elements in Android
auto-value Immutable value type code generation for Java 1.6+.
data-collection null
digraphs A 'digraph' means 'one symbol written as two characters'
deviceiocontrol The DeviceIoControl function provides a device input and output control interface through which an application can communicate directly with a device driver.
booksleeve a Redis client written in C# offering pipelined, asynchronous, multiplexed and thread-safe operations.
cartography null
browser-tab Refers to issues relating specifically to tabs in a web browser, usually issues that affect multiple tabs or communication between tabs.
polylang null
email-parsing Questions on the process of extracting data from emails, including the handling of MIME types, attachments, and other embedded information.
keychainitemwrapper an Objective-C wrapper for accessing a single keychain item, the sample code was originally created by Apple but now available in modified & modernized forms from a variety of sources.
knowledge-management Knowledge Management treats information as an asset, often in a commercial and organizational context.
language-specifications null
local-network null
jvcl a collection of visual and non-visual components for Delphi, Kylix and C++ Builder
julia-jump a domain-specific modeling language for mathematical programming embedded in the Julia language.
jama a basic linear algebra package for Java
isolatedstoragefile class from the .Net framework for accessing files in an isolated environment.
ionicpopup In the Ionic Framework, the Ionic Popup service allows programmatically creating and showing popup windows that require the user to respond in order to continue.
mutagen a Python module to handle audio metadata.
mustache.php A Mustache implementation in PHP.
nms Apache.NMS provides a rich .NET messaging API similar to JMS
modeshape an open source implementation of the JCR API from Red Hat.
multidatatrigger Represents a trigger that applies property values or performs actions when the bound data meet a set of conditions.
gmlib a Google Maps library for Delphi and C++ Builder, developed by http://www.cadetill.com/gmlib_en/
getprocaddress a function in the Windows API for getting addresses of functions in dynamically loaded libraries
gulp-karma Karma integration into Gulp.js-based build.
ini-set null
heartbleed-bug a serious vulnerability in the popular OpenSSL cryptographic software library
html5-animation a way to animate HTML element with css or java script or both....
htmlbutton Questions related to the html <button> element
flower a real-time web based monitor and administration tool for Celery.
executioncontext null
expat-parser an XML parser library written in C
lto LTO abbreviates Link-Time Optimization
visual-studio-6 a Microsoft IDE released in 1998
globalize3 a popular Ruby on Rails extension that aids development of the global-ready web applications.
splistitem Represents an item or row in a SharePoint list.
noir a micro-framework that allows you to rapidly develop websites in Clojure.
omap a product line of developed by Texas Instruments.
externals null
extended-sql IBM Integration Bus specifies Extended Structured Query Language as a programming language used to define and manipulate data within a message flow.
flexunit a unit testing framework for Flex and ActionScript applications and libraries
rtd a feature introduced with Excel 2002 to display data provided by an RTD server
sqlite.net an open source, minimal library to allow .NET and Mono applications to store data in SQLite databases.
stackexchange a fast-growing network of 100 question and answer sites on diverse topics from software programming to cooking to photography and gaming
sslv3 the Secure Sockets Layer Version 3, are cryptographic protocols that provide communication security over the Internet
ecdf null
spring-remoting Spring Remoting exposes services over the web for Spring clients to consume as easily as though they were locally instantiated
kif-framework a library originally created by Square to help testing on Apple's iOS platform
id3v2 the second version of the ID3 metadata container specification
conversation-scope null
scalamock a mocking framework for the Scala programming language.
description-logic a family of formal knowledge representation languages
dependencyobject The DependencyObject class enables Windows Presentation Foundation property system services on its many derived classes.
wcsession The WCSession class facilitates communication between a WatchKit extension and its companion iOS app
jcs a distributed caching system written in java
openshift-enterprise An on-premise, private Platform as a Service solution offering that allows you to deliver apps faster and meet your enterprise's growing application demands
imagenet null
onreadystatechange An XMLHttpRequest event handler
string.h A header file from the C standard library that defines various functions for interacting with C strings.
chord-diagram A graphical representation of a group of directly related entities.
eshell a command shell written in Emacs Lisp.
xmldataprovider provides data binding from XML in Microsoft Windows Presentation Foundation 4
xml-dsig a standard for representing digital signatures as XML
xml2 an R package which makes it easy to work with HTML and XML from R.
viewstub null
pdfclown a free/libre open source implementation of the Portable Document Format specification published by Adobe® Systems Inc., written as a class library in multiple languages
jitsi a free and open source VoIP, videoconferencing and instant messaging application for Windows, Linux and Mac OS X.
test-environments The execution environment for testing software.
qdap qdap is an R package designed to assist in quantitative discourse analysis
canon-sdk A set of software development kits for accessing and managing the Canon series of cameras.
iphone-3gs the third version of the iPhone released by Apple, Inc
windows-integrated-auth a term associated with Microsoft products that refers to the SPNEGO, Kerberos, and NTLMSSP authentication protocols with respect to SSPI functionality introd…
interact.js a standalone javascript module for handling single-pointer and multi-touch drags and gestures.
nextcloud an open-source software suite that provides a location-independent storage area for data .
python-rq a simple Python library for queueing jobs and processing them in the background with workers
python-watchdog a Python API library and shell utilities to monitor file system events.
document-based Document-based application design enables users to create and manage documents containing their data
multibranch-pipeline a Jenkins job configuration type provided by the that detects and builds SCM branches.
nested-sortable null
code-hinting null
data-objects null
qt-installer The Qt Installer Framework provides a set of tools and utilities to create installers for the supported desktop Qt platforms: Linux, Microsoft Windows, and Mac OS X.
zend-layout Zend_Layout: Part of the Zend Framework that combines the ideas behind Composite view and Two Step View
xcode-organizer Xcode organizer helps in development related tasks
xcode7-beta5 a prerelease version of Xcode 7 released on August 6, 2015.
wro4j Free and Open Source Java project which brings together almost all the modern web tools: JsHint, CssLint, JsMin, Google Closure compressor, YUI Compressor, UglifyJs, Dojo Shrinksafe, Css Variables Sup…
commit-message The message associated with commits in a version control system.
relaymodern null
cross-language In programming, refers to features that operate across multiple programming languages.
playframework-evolutions A tool to track and organize database schema evolutions
pikaday A lightweight, no-dependency JavaScript date picker.
python-importlib null
proxmox Proxmox VE is an open-source Debian-based virtualization server
page-size Successive paper sizes in the series A1, A2, A3, and so forth, are defined by halving the preceding paper size along the larger dimension
reformat null
realm-object-server The Realm Object Server synchronizes Realms between devices, provides authentication and access control services for Realms, and offers backend integrations and server-side event handling.
scd Slowly Changing Dimensions or Schema Component Designator
sgen The Microsoft XML Serializer Generator Tool - creates xml serialiser assembly from an existing assembly.
tmap an actively maintained open-source R-library for drawing thematic maps, written by Martijn Tennekes
spring-dm The Spring Dynamic Modules for OSGi Service Platforms project makes it easy to build Spring applications that run in an OSGi framework
stack-unwinding Stack-unwind will pop the top frame of the stack, depending on the language it may occur e.g
sql-timestamp null
sitecore8.2 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
sitemapprovider ASP.NET System.Web.SiteMapProvider class that provides a common base class for all site map data providers, and a way for developers to implement custom site map data providers that can be used with t…
syncdb null
stochastic-process a collection of related random variables, often used as a model for a quantity that varies over time or space with some degree of smoothness.
start-stop-daemon a program used to control the creation and termination of Linux system-level processes .
statechart a hierarchical state machine, introduced by Harel
tournament refers to any tournament style program
user-feedback null
ubuntu-unity an interface for the GNOME desktop environment developed by Canonical Ltd for its Ubuntu operating system.
wordml a common shortening of the proper term WordprocessingML.
windows-scheduler Use for questions about programmatic modification of task scheduling on any version of the Windows OS.
web-developer-toolbar a generic term for built-in browser debugging tools, rather than a plugin like Firebug
volume-shadow-service Volume Shadow Service , also called Volume Shadow Copy refers to a volume shapshot service built in to Microsoft Windows Operating Systems from XP or greater
watch-face-api The Android watch-face-api provides watch faces with different styles and shapes
selectedtext null
rational-numbers any number that can be expressed as the quotient or fraction p/q of two integers, with the denominator q not equal to zero.
ravendb-studio a lightweight Silverlight client to let you easily manage the data in a RavenDB server instance
qnetworkreply The QNetworkReply class contains the data and headers for a request sent with QNetworkAccessManager.
ref-cursor null
proxy-pattern A design pattern that provides a placeholder for another object to control access, reduce cost, and reduce complexity
pruning null
physx a 3rd-party physics engine owned by NVIDIA and most commonly used in the video game industry.
kube-dns null
wxhaskell A Haskell binding for wxWidgets
netrw a network file editing plugin for the vim text editor.
netflix-ribbon a Inter Process Communication library with built in software load balancers
rgraph an javascript charts library that uses the HTML5 canvas and SVG tags to draw charts with and supports many different types of visualisation.
cocoonjs a platform that allows developers to deploy, accelerate, and monetize their JavaScript HTML5 games in the App store and Google Play.
ng2-smart-table smart table used in web development API
ng2-dragula one of the best Drag and drop library for Angular 2x and succeeding versions
office-2003 Questions about Office 2003 should relate to a specific programming problem
lastindexof null
window-soft-input-mode null
parameterization null
struts2-jquery-grid Struts2 jQuery Grid Plugin
textangular Text-Editor/Wysiwyg editor for AngularJS
acrofields Refers to form fields used in Adobe Acrobat
gpib The *general purpose interface bus* , also known as *IEEE-488*, is a standard short range digital communication bus
typeorm an object-relational mapper for TypeScript and JavaScript that supports many different databases like MySQL and PostgreSQL and platforms like Node.js and the Browser.
typesafe-stack Software platform consisting mainly of Scala, Akka and Play framework supported by Typesafe.
urwid a console user interface library for Python
vine A micro-video-sharing service for short, looping videos created by Twitter.
redirect-loop null
mapdb MapDB provides concurrent Maps, Sets and Queues backed by disk storage or off-heap memory
marching-cubes An algorithm for creating a triangular mesh from a three-dimensional scalar field, or graphing an implicit function of the form f = c.
nstabview An NSTabView object provides a convenient way to present information in multiple pages
drupal-nodes for questions regarding the use, reuse and manipulation of nodes, the most basic form of content on a Drupal site
definitions null
pytesser an Optical Character Recognition module for Python
esx VMware's bare-metal hypervisor and forms the basis of its enterprise virtualization platform.
chicagoboss a server framework inspired by Rails and written in Erlang.
wp-cli a command line interface for WordPress.
bean-io an open source Java framework for marshalling and unmarshalling Java beans, or plain old java objects , from large flat files or streams.
minim an audio library for processing environment.
jbossws JBossWS features include many specifications / standards implementations as well as additional features, options, tools to improve ease of use, endpoint management and monitoring, etc.
turbine null
magickwand null
xojo a cross-platform development tool that creates apps for Windows, OS X, Linux and the web.
numeric-limits a C++ standard library class that contains traits and information about the built-in numeric types, such as the maximum and minimum representable values, number of digits, and w…
grib A binary format for spatial information, used most often in meteorology
class-visibility In certain object-oriented programming languages, such as Java, class visibility determines the level of visibility or of accessibility of a class
pixate a mobile development engine for the rapid creation of native apps with a focus on rich user experience, social integration, and performance.
plaid a RESTful API for banking data that provides access to high-quality transactional and account data for the major US financial institutions
mod-cluster a dynamically configured load balancer implemented for Apache HTTP Server, Undertow and Nginx
gstat an R package for spatial and spatio-temporal geostatistical modelling, prediction and simulation
aws-sdk-js The official AWS SDK for JavaScript provides an API to many AWS services, including: S3, SNS, SQS, EC2, Route53, etc..
winsxs the Windows side-by-side assembly, or the Component Store directory itself
navigateurl Loads the document at the location indicated by the specified Uri into the WebBrowser control, replacing the previous document.
nbconvert Jupyter Notebook Conversion
mysql++ a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API
glkview The GLKView class simplifies the effort required to create an OpenGL ES application by providing a default implementation of an OpenGL ES-aware view in iOS 5.0 and later.
libjpeg-turbo a fork of libjpeg that uses SIMD instructions to accelerate baseline JPEG encoding and decoding.
visualize a javascript library that is used to incorporate Jaspersoft reports inside web applications
abpersonviewcontroller an iOS class that provides a view for displaying a person record.
emplace For questions that concern constructing objects directly within some container object, as opposed to copying/moving the object into the container.
ember-rails ember-rails allows you to include Ember.JS into your Rails 3.1+ application.
html-framework-7 Full Featured HTML Framework For Building iOS & Android Apps
honeypot A trap set to detect or deflect attempts to hack a site or system.
installshield-2011 a software tool by Flexera Software for creating installers or software packages
google-maps-mobile null
mmapi a Java ME specification, JSR 135, that supports multimedia applications on J2ME-enabled devices.
mkpointannotation a specific part of Apple's general MapKit system.
mashape an API marketplace where developers can find and consume cloud APIs, and that API providers can use to distribute, track and manage their public or private cloud services.
meter null
objectdataprovider provides data binding for XAML in Microsoft Windows Presentation Foundation 4
nebula for questions about Eclipse Nebula which provides custom SWT widgets and other UI components.
jawbone Jawbone's UP API allows you to harness the power of step, activity, food, and sleep tracking to build your own products and experiences
jshell a Read–Eval–Print Loop tool to evaluate declarations, statements, and expressions of the Java programming language, together with an API so that other applications can leverage this f…
malformedurlexception thrown to indicate that a malformed URL has occurred
jxtable An enhanced Table component in Java, with support for general SwingX sorting/filtering, rendering, highlighting, rollover and search functionality
census null
buffer-geometry A geometry class used in the WebGL framework Three.js to increase performance.
bootstrap-slider A slider plugin based on bootstrap css
bolts-framework a collection of low-level libraries designed to make developing mobile apps easier.
azure-servicebusrelay The Service Bus Relay Azure service enables developer to build hybrid applications that run in both a Windows Azure data center and user's own on-premises enterprise environment.
data-export null
excel-match an Excel function for searching for a specified value in a range of cells and it returns the relative position of the matched value in the given range.
execjs ExecJS lets you run JavaScript code from Ruby
at-job a classic Unix command that read commands from standard input which are to be executed at a later time, using /bin/sh
avassetreader You use an AVAssetReader object to obtain media data of an asset, whether the asset is file-based or represents an assemblage of media data from multiple sources .
android-wireless null
adaptive-cards Questions regarding the implementation and use of Adaptive Cards for the Microsoft Bot Builder
p3p The Platform for Privacy Preferences Project, or P3P, is a protocol allowing websites to declare their intended use of information they collect about browsing users.
quine A program that generates a copy of its own source text as its complete output .
ajax-polling a technique used for checking for new server-side events.
suphp a tool for executing PHP scripts with the permissions of their owners.
surfaceflinger Android's window compositor
chaco a Python plotting application toolkit that facilitates writing plotting applications at all levels of complexity.
package-control the de facto standard package manager for Sublime Text plugins and extensions, created by Will Bond
dialogresult returned by dialogs after dismissal
afhttprequestoperation null
adwords-apiv201402 Questions relating to the google adwords api
azure-java-sdk Windows Azure Java SDK provides quick integration support for Java platform with Microsoft's Azure services.
asp.net-mvc-2-validation The ASP.NET MVC 2 modelstate validation checks if a model is valid
exceptionhandler null
cpp-netlib C++ networking library; aims to become part of boost; built on top of Boost asio; has HTTP client and server; and general message template.
django-deployment django-deployment refers to questions about different ways to deploy Django applications
django-custom-user Tag for questions related to custom User model functionality introduced in Django 1.6
django-select-related Django operator, which returns a queryset that follows and caches foreign key relationships, in order to avoid hitting the database in future calls that require use of foreign keys.
buffered null
callouts null
challenge-response for questions about challenge-response authentication
embedded-video null
knockout-sortable A plugin for Knockout with a custom binding to connect observableArrays with jQuery UI's sortable functionality
libtooling a library to support writing standalone tools based on Clang.
lz4 a lossless data compression algorithm that is focused on compression and decompression speed
loadview null
neuroscience null
nxp-microcontroller null
nsuinteger An Objective-C unsigned integer
metafile A generic term for a file format that can store multiple types of data
memcmp a function available in the string.h library.
mcc mcc stand for MATLAB® Compiler™
mkreversegeocoder The MKReverseGeocoder class provides services for converting a map coordinate into information about that coordinate, such as the country, city, or street
mlr a machine learning package for R that provides an interface to many other packages.
mosaic the predecessor to Netscape Navigator and Internet Explorer.
gnu-smalltalk a free implementation of the Smalltalk-80 language
git-rm a Git command used to remove files from the working tree and from the index
grails-validation null
google-reporting-api The Google Apps Reporting API lets you retrieve usage reports for your domain's hosted accounts
html-head a container for all the head elements, which must include a title for the document, and can include scripts, styles, meta information, and more.
ibm-cloud-tools For developers on macOS interested in creating Swift applications that span both client and server-side code, IBM Cloud Tools for Swift simplifies the management and deployment of server-side assets.
hm-10 a Bluetooth Low Energy module, interfaced via serial port .
hiredis a minimalistic C client library for the Redis database
duplicate-symbol null
dunit xUnit-style unit testing for Borland Delphi programs.
flops FLOPS : a unit of measurement used to quantify the performance of the implementation of a numerical algorithm.
dwt DWT stands for Discrete Wavelet Transform
abbyy a leading provider of document conversion, data capture and linguistic software
visual-sourcesafe-2005 a file-level version control system that delivers restore point and team coordination capabilities
compoundjs the Node.JS MVC framework based on ExpressJS.
mediastream The two main components in the MediaStream API are the MediaStreamTrack and MediaStream interfaces
inbound null
side-scroller null
grunt-contrib-requirejs Optimize RequireJS projects using r.js.
timthumb a small php script for cropping, zooming and resizing web images .
phpspreadsheet null
extent null
soci a database access library for C++ that makes the illusion of embedding SQL queries in the regular C++ code, staying entirely within the Standard C++
android-task a collection of activities that users interact with when performing a certain job
aspose.pdf a PDF document creation and manipulation component that enables your .NET applications to read, write and manipulate existing PDF documents without using Adobe Acrobat
flask-restplus an extension for Flask that adds support for quickly building REST APIs documented with Swagger
secondary-indexes created other than index based on primary key, to speed up processing.
flickity CSS Library to create touch, responsive, flickable galleries.
eclipse-3.4 For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.4
sqlfilestream a class tha exposes SQL Server data that is stored with the FILESTREAM column attribute as a sequence of bytes.
uiimagejpegrepresentation For questions related to the UIImageJPEGRepresentation method for the UIImage class on the iOS platform, a method commonly used to convert images to JPEG.
jquery-droppable The jQuery UI Droppable plugin makes selected elements droppable so they accept being dropped on by draggables.
jquery-bbq a that enables simple bookmarkable #hash history via a cross-browser window.onhashchange event.
jdoql the query language of the JDO persistence API
object-relational-model null
objective-j a programming language for web development and is used to create web applications in the Cappuccino front-end web framework.
openmax Questions related to OpenMAX, a royalty-free, cross-platform set of C-language programming interfaces that provides abstractions for routines especially useful for audio, video, and still images
highlight.js Highlight.js highlights syntax in code examples on blogs, forums and in fact on any web pages.
image-optimization Image optimization deals with optimization methods for image manipulation and display
gevent-socketio WebSocket-like abstraction that enables real-time communication between a browser and a server.
replaykit an iOS framework available from iOS 9 that provides the ability to record video, audio and camera within an app or game.
reproducible-research the idea that the result of scientific research should be published with data and code in order to make it possible for other researchers to verify the results.
gwt-designer an Eclipse visual designer plugin that will generate the Java Code for your GWT application's GUI.
boost-range a C++ library containing a collection of concepts and utilities, range-based algorithms, as well as range adaptors that allow for efficient and expressive code.
stride null
zest a set of visualization components built for Eclipse
default-scope default order or where clause for all queries
drupal-fields custom data that can be attached to Drupal entities.
pegjs a simple parser generator for JavaScript that produces fast parsers with excellent error reporting.
pdfviewer An application that allows users to view PDF files.
violin-plot a method of plotting numeric data
typecast-operator null
approval null
jmagick an open source Java interface of ImageMagick
jodconverter a API that can remotely use a headless OpenOffice/LibreOffice instance to convert file formats.
puremvc a lightweight framework for creating applications based upon the classic Model, View and Controller concept.
iron.io a cloud-based message queueing and task processing service
windows-phone-7-emulator Software for Windows that simulates a mobile device running the Windows Phone 7 platform
atlassian-crucible Commercial tool by Atlassian for doing pre- or post-commit code reviews from web browsers.
ng-submit AngularJS directive in module ng
large-object-heap a special type of managed heap for the automatic memory management in .NET Framework.
odoo-11 a suite of open-source business apps written in Python and released under the LGPL license since version 9
authorize.net-cim a tool developed by Authorize.Net to store your customer information, such as credit card numbers, into a profile, the new service is PCI compliant and has an API…
pygooglechart null
propertynotfoundexception thrown when a property could not be found while evaluating a ValueExpression or MethodExpression.
django-facebook A Facebook open graph API implementation using the Django web framework in python.
react-native-camera Camera module for React Native
azimuth An an angular measurement in a spherical coordinate system.
linewrap null
line-by-line null
lilypond Free Software for engraving music, with a strong emphasis on very high quality output.
qslider a Qt class that represents a vertical or horizontal slider.
xamarin-test-cloud Is a cloud-based service that offers an automated way of testing acceptance against mobile application UI across hundreds of different devices making these tests much less expensive than manually.
backpressure Backpressure refers to the build-up of data at an I/O switch when buffers are full and not able to receive additional data
plural Pertaining to handling text that must change depending on the number of items involved, according to the rules of different languages.
preemption null
project-files null
pda acronym for PushDown Automata
readme a file that contains information about something that should be read, generally before use.
sfdoctrineguard a Symfony plugin providing user authentication and access management.
servicecontract a contract between a service and a client.
serve Simple 5 minute command-line file / directory server built with connect, inspired by nodejitsu's http-server to show off the simplicity and flexibility of connect as a modular server.
router-outlet Use it for questions about the angular 2 or 4 router-outlet element.
scalaz-stream a streaming I/O library
sas-iml the matrix programming language component to SAS .
windows64 null
uddi UDDI
truecrypt a software application used for on-the-fly encryption
syndication the process of publishing data in a common format so that it can be distributed to multiple clients.
taxonomy-terms usually associated to custom taxonomies in Wordpress
textrange Represents a selection of content between two TextPointer positions.
temporary-directory used for questions about the creation and handling of temporary directories under any language.
signaturepad null
sparkle A Cocoa framework for making OS X apps update themselves automatically.
sparkling-water Sparkling Water integrates H2O's fast scalable machine learning engine with Spark.
signpost a Java OAuth-1.0 framework under APL-2.0 license written and maintained by Matthias Käppler
shockwave a technology developed by Macromedia, Inc
sketchapp Digital design application for Mac, produced by Bohemian Coding.
subgit a program for maintaining the same code in Git and Subversion repositories.
twitter-follow a small widget which allows users to easily follow a Twitter account from any webpage.
transcode null
weinre WEb INspector REmote
web-component-tester a tool for testing -based web components.
robotlegs a tiny framework for building Actionscript 3 applications
setjmp Anything related to setjmp C standard library and the setjmp and longjmp routines which provide control flow that modify the usual call and return sequence of a subroutine.
sdf a database created and accessed by SQL Server Compact Edition.
scom a cross-platform data center management system for operating systems and hypervisors.
pad currently a synonym for instead.
opl a high-level language for describing models of optimization and mathematical programming, often involving the use of IBM-ILOG's , constraint programmi…
privilege null
ps3 a home video game console produced by Sony Computer Entertainment.
pidgin a chat program which lets you log in to accounts on multiple chat networks simultaneously
tds
static-pages null
hasownproperty a method of the object object in JavaScript
z3c.form an advanced form and widget framework for Zope
qtextbrowser a Qt widget providing a rich text browser with hypertext navigation capability.
qtembedded a C++ framework for GUI and application development for embedded devices.
django-mongodb-engine a MongoDB database backend for Django.
protein-database A file containing protein sequences together with corresponding metadata
r-highcharter null
fso Object Model component on Windows systems that represents the local file system.
python-stackless an experimental implementation of the Python language; Stackless was designed from the start to overcome the limitations of cPython's Global Interpreter Lock by using tasklets, whi…
odp.net-managed the .Net Native version of ODP.Net
in-subquery for questions related to subqueries , that use IN at their outer statement.
redmine-api null
fireworks a bitmap and vector graphics editor aimed at web designers.
log-rotation null
struts-1.x a free open-source solution for creating Java web applications
johnny-five Firmata based JavaScript Arduino Framework
fminsearch A function that computes the unconstrained minimimum of given function with the Nelder-Mead algorithm.
angularjs-ng-disable This directive sets the disabled attribute on the element if the expression inside ngDisabled evaluates to truthy.
application-start Application_Start method called by ASP.NET once for the lifetime of the application domain, not for each HttpApplication instance
self-invoking-function a function that is invoked automatically, without being called.
go-ethereum a golang implementation of the Ethereum protocol.
zonejs Implements Zones for JavaScript
opencobol a free and open COBOL compiler
wpmu WPMU and WPMU DEV began with a concentration on a type of WordPress site called “WordPress Multi-User”
pyquery a jquery-like library for python that allows you to make jquery queries on xml documents.
rweka RWeka - R package which makes Weka functions accessible
imagebrush null
jcr-sql2 a query language defined by the Java Content Repository 2.0 specification
threadabortexception for questions related to the ThreadAbort exception.
google-earth-engine Google's cloud computing platform for geospatial data & analysis at earthengine.google.com
javascript-automation an environment for scripting Mac applications using JavaScript
dnu The DNX Utility command-line tool provides utility functions for package management in DNX projects.
convertview ConvertView represents one of the parameters of the `getView` method of various Android adapters, often used to improve the performance of the that adapter.
sql-parametrized-query null
moshi a JSON library for Android and Java
eclipse-marketplace For questions about Eclipse Marketplace which is an online store where you can download Eclipse plugins.
bpl Borland Package Library - special kind of object-oriented DLL with enforced type-safety
addressbookui The Address Book UI framework for iOS provides controllers that facilitate displaying, editing, selecting, and creating records in the Address Book database.
graphicspath null
numerical-computing Is an interconnected combination of computer science and mathematics .
express-handlebars null
smtpappender Appender used in Java logging frameworks, such as log4j and logback, that sends an email via SMTP on logging events.
phpcodesniffer a PHP PEAR package that can be used to tokenise PHP, JavaScript and CSS files and to detect violations of a defined set of coding standards.
cl.exe a tool that controls the Microsoft compilers and linker
gtkmm3 the official C++ interface for the popular GUI library GTK+
4d 4D involves calculations in four dimensions and typically relates to graphics programming
mysqlbinlog a MySQL Utility for Processing Binary Log Files
mysqldatareader Reads a forward-only stream of rows from a MySQL database.
flipclock a JavaScript and jQuery plugin to draw various type of Clocks on your web-site.
gcdwebserver Lightweight GCD based HTTP server for OS X & iOS
edmx-designer a tool that enables point-and-click modification of an .edmx file representing a conceptual/storage model defined using Microsoft Entity Framework.
dynatable HTML5+JSON interactive table plugin.
ereg Old regular expression function in PHP that is now DEPRECATED in favour of preg_match
impress.js a JavaScript framework for creating presentations using HTML5 and CSS3.
ijulia-notebook null
generalization null
google-maps-direction-api A service that calculates directions between locations using Google's Directions Service.
mks a software package for Windows that provides a Unix-like environment for scripting and porting software
mmx a single instruction, multiple data instruction set designed by Intel, introduced in 1997 with their P5-based Pentium line of microprocessors, designated as
mobicents the best architecture to create, deploy and manage services and applications integrating voice, video and data across a range of IP and legacy communications ne…
mathematical-morphology discusses the theory, applications of Mathematical Morphology to fields of Image analysis, Non linear Signal Processing Methods, Statistical and Structural Pattern recognition, Scale Space An…
memory-consumption the amount of memory allocated and/or used by a particular algorithm or application
nstokenfield a subclass of NSTextField that provides tokenized editing similar to the address field in the Mail application
objcopy null
nvp a PayPal Classic API syntax that uses a query-string to pass data
nitrogen a framework for building full-stack Erlang web applications.
lostfocus A phenomena of losing access from a control.
javax.comm the Java Communications API
ios7-statusbar Questions regarding The status bar on iOS 7 devices which overlays the web view
ios8.4 The launch of Apple Music on Tuesday brought with it a nearly all-new Music app, with a host of new functionality that blends the best of Beats Music with Apple's long-standing iTunes platform.
cmsmadesimple a Content Management System for small to mid sized websites.
cleartype Microsoft's implementation of subpixel rendering technology in rendering text in a font system.
byebug a simple to use, feature rich debugger for Ruby 2.0.
botbuilder specific for Microsoft Bot Builder, but not to the Microsoft Bot Framework in general.
berkeley-db-je part of the Oracle Berkeley DB family of products
biztalk-deployment Relates to deployment of BizTalk applications and artifacts, whether via MSI, BTSTask or the Biztalk Deployment Framework
data-consistency null
color-management The control and modulation of color information, with respect to the perceptual differences between the various ways that information can be represented, stored, or displayed.
codesmith a template driven source code generator that automates the creation of common application source code for any language.
codewarrior a tool suit targeting embedded systems, sold by NXP Semiconductors
conditional-rendering Conditionally choose which jsf tags to convert to DOM
compass-lucene an open source project built on top of Lucene aiming at simplifying the integration of search into any Java application.
apache-commons-exec a Java library that makes it easier to launch external processes from a Java application.
postgresql-copy an SQL command in PostgreSQL to move data between files and tables
accessibility-api used for development of accessibility service that provide alternative or augmented feedback to the user.They may be useful in developing applications that may help peo…
use-strict According to Mozilla Developer Network, ECMAScript 5's strict mode is a way to opt in to a restricted variant of JavaScript
custom-headers null
suitescript2.0 the second version of the NetSuite SuiteScript API
itoa Questions about itoa function may have this tag
efxclipse a project hosted by the eclipse foundation to provide JavaFX tooling for the Eclipse IDE and a runtime platform and libraries that can be used in a JavaFX 8 application.
kendonumerictextbox a Kendo that can convert an INPUT element into a numeric, percentage or currency textbox.
bulbs Open-source Python graph-database library that supports any TinkerPop/Blueprints graph DB via the Rexster graph server
method-swizzling the process of changing the implementation of an existing method.
metro-ui-css Metro UI CSS a set of styles to create a site with an interface similar to Windows 8.
microblaze an open soft core Processor designed by Xilinx for their FPGAs
ithit-webdav-server Stands for IT Hit WebDAV Server Engine for .Net
passthru PHP Function to execute an external program and display raw output.
messagecontract Windows Communication Foundation MessageContract Attribute defines a strongly-typed class that corresponds to a SOAP message.
qwebpage The QWebPage class, part of the Qt framework, provides an object to view and edit web documents.
aide-ide an IDE that runs on the android operating system, letting you write, compile, and then test your project all on your device and reducing the need to use eclipse
difftool null
rot13 a simple cypher in which each letter is replaced with the letter that comes 13 places after it in the alphabet.
roo Please use either spring-roo or roo-gem
android-ndk-r5 The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
avaya a company which specializes in telecommunications, networking, and information technology
congestion-control Congestion control concerns controlling traffic entry into a telecommunications network, so as to avoid congestive collapse by attempting to avoid oversubscription of any of the processing or link cap…
code-timing null
devops-services Cloud software services that build, test, and deliver applications continuously, available on cloud platforms such as IBM Bluemix
borderpane null
bootstrap-material-design a theme for Twitter's Bootstrap based on Google's material design specification.
cdecl Anything related to the `cdecl` calling convention, i.e
embedded-language Anything related to languages embedded in other applications and their implementations
jenkinsfile a container for your pipeline script, which details what specific steps are needed to perform a job for which you want to use Jenkins
istio an open-source platform for managing and securing microservices
jquery-scrollable A jQuery plugin that adds customizable scrollbars to any element.
jpm a Firefox Add-on SDK command-line tool that you use to initialize, run, test, and package add-ons.
lxd a container and a new user experience for LXC .
lockbits null
knockout-components a powerful, clean way of organizing your UI code into self-contained, reusable chunks
koa-router Router middleware for koa.
nurbs Non-uniform rational basis spline is a mathematical model commonly used in computer graphics for generating and representing curves and surfaces which offers great flexibility and precision fo…
nsfilewrapper On iOS and Mac OS X, the NSFileWrapper class provides access to the attributes and contents of file-system nodes
mpmediaplayercontroller null
groupwise-maximum Questions regarding MySQL Selecting records holding group-wise maximum
ihtmldocument2 The IHTMLDocument2 interface inherits from the IDispatch interface and is used to get information about the document and modify the HTML elements and the text in that document
installed-applications for questions related to Installed Applications, in an iPhone for example.
instantclient null
hessian-matrix an N x N matrix containing second partial derivatives of a function with respect to its input variables.
htmleditorkit null
expando an custom property attached to a document object.
editcontrol Edit controls let a user view and edit text.
edifact United Nations/Electronic Data Interchange For Administration, Commerce and Transport is the international EDI standard developed under the United Nations
foreign-data-wrapper postgresql extensions that allow you to load data from a foreign resource into a database table
fla source files for Adobe Flash applications.They are binary files which typically require Flash authoring software to be edited, and are compiled by the authoring software into publishable…
fitness A fitness functions judges how good a solution of a problem is.
mysql-error-1093 ERROR 1093 : You can't specify target table '%s' for update in FROM clause
navmesh From wiki: A navigation mesh, or navmesh, is an abstract data structure used in artificial intelligence applications to aid agents in path-finding through large spaces.
incognito-mode Google's name for the Privacy mode of the Google Chrome browser.
wns The Windows Push Notification Services enables third-party developers to send toast, tile, badge, and raw updates from their own cloud service
wkinterfacetable A WKInterfaceTable object creates and manages the contents of a single-column table interface in Apple's WatchKit SDK.
double-dispatch a special form of multiple dispatch and a mechanism that dispatches a function call to different concrete functions depending on the runtime types of two ob…
glossary list of terms and definitions used in a larger document
android-layoutparams null
php-mysqlidb a third-party wrapper for MySQLi written in PHP.
coin-flipping the process of programmatically simulating a coin flip, that is randomly picking a choice among two possibilities.
scriptblock null
ecb a degenerate mode of operation for block ciphers.
const-reference null
console.readline Reads the next line of characters from the standard input stream.
autolink null
cucumber-serenity Questions regarding use of Serenity with Cucumber BDD test automation tool
uicollectionviewdelegate In iOS versions 6.0 and above, The UICollectionViewDelegate protocol defines optional methods that allow you to manage the selection and highlighting of items in a collection view and to perform actio…
thinktecture null
turfjs a collection of independent Javascript modules providing common geospatial capabilites, against geometries encoded in GeoJSON format
highdpi null
hierarchical-query null
simplewebrtc an open source javascript library for joining and managing mesh p2p WebRTC conferences
repository-design null
gwt-editors The GWT Editor framework lets you map data stored in an object graph to a set of editors
opensolaris OpenSolaris was an open source computer operating system based on Solaris created by Sun Microsystems.
r-corrplot R corrplot package for printing correlation plots
wp-admin null
writeablebitmapex a collection of extension methods for the WriteableBitmap
boost-signals an implementation of a managed signals and slots system
xlutils xlutils allows you to copy and modify Excel files writing Excel 2003 files.
google-api-console a web interface for managing and viewing traffic data, authentication, and billing information for the Google APIs that are used by a project.
uritemplate null
redis-cli the command line interface that is installed when installing Redis.
activation-function null
qabstractlistmodel part of Qt C++ classes
countvectorizer for questions on the process of turning a collection of text documents into numerical feature vectors using the class CountVectorizer from Python's scikit-learn library.
public-activity Easy activity tracking for models - similar to Github's Public Activity
ode45 null
react-toolbox null
azman a role-based access control framework that provides an administrative tool to manage authorization policy and a runtime that allows applications to perf…
angular2-mdl a component library for angular 2 apps based on material design lite .
io-monad Monadic interface to IO in pure functional languages, especially Haskell.
dismax an abbreviation of Disjunction Max, and is a popular query mode with Apache Solr.
diskimage for questions related with DiskImage, a tool to backup and restore partitions, entire harddisks, usb keys, floppy drives and optical media on windows platforms.
procrun a set of applications that allow Windows users to wrap Java applications as a Windows service.
hbitmap A handle to a bitmap
jsprit a java based, open source toolkit for solving rich vehicle routing problems
xcode-template Template used for a specific file type, within Xcode
lauterbach Questions regarding Lauterbach Microprocessor Development Tools
common-controls A set of extended windows desktop controls like TreeView, ListView, ProgressBar and TrackBar
command-objects a feature of the Grails web framework, refering to special classes that declare constraints used to validate its instances.
ploneformgen A through-the-web form generator for Plone
population a complete set of items that share at least one common characteristic.
project-centennial Project Centennial helps developers publish their .NET and Win32 desktop applications to the Windows Store
outlook-calendar related to the calendar function of Outlook .
paypal-buttons anything to do with paypal's variety of buttons
sframe a tabular data structure used to store millions of rows of data that do not necessarily fit into memory for analysis.
servant Haskell combinator library for defining and serving web services.
rncryptor An easy-to-use, Objective-C interface to the AES functionality of CommonCrypto
satis Satis - Package Repository Generator Simple static Composer repository generator
san a network of storage disks
rundll32 a Win32 - utility from Microsoft Windows that loads and runs 32-bit specific functions from dynamic-link libraries .
qplaintextedit class in QtGui module which provides a widget that is used to edit and display plain text.
qprinter The QPrinter class, part of the Qt framework, is a paint device that paints on a printer.
realsense null
revisions null
weekend null
wal a form of journalling used as part of crash-safety and atomic commit support in databases like PostgreSQL and SQLite.
vora to annotate questions about the use of Spark and Hadoop specifically in the context of SAP's Vora engine.
tweetstream Tweetstream provides access to Twitter's Streaming API in python or ruby
uinavigation UINavigationController - Apple's container, view controller that defines a stack-based scheme for navigating hierarchical content.
uipickerviewcontroller a common misrepresentation of the combination of a UIPickerView, its delegate, and its data source.
usb-mass-storage a class of USB devices which allows access to their internal data storage by using a predefined protocol specified by USB-IF forum.
skflow Questions regarding using Scikit Flow - a simplified interface for TensorFlow to help people get started on predictive analytics and data mining for deep learning
shellsort a sorting algorithm that is a modification of insertion sort in which elements are compared across gaps of different sizes.
sparkpost a cloud-based email delivery service
staggeredgridlayout null
stdint a header file in the C standard library to allow programmers to write more portable code.
string-hashing null
string-to-datetime null
tde used by Microsoft and Oracle to encrypt database content.
tibco-business-works an immensely powerful business process automation tool, enterprise integration product
uipath Questions about the UiPath activities, its custom components and building workflows within it
ui.bootstrap Angular module with Bootstrap components written in pure AngularJS by the AngularUI Team
tidytext The tidytext package provides tools for text mining using tidy data principles in R.
visual-assist a commercial Visual Studio extension that enhances overall code editing.
variation null
quercus an implementation of the PHP programming language in pure Java.
readxml null
satisfiability Satisfiability is the problem of determining if the variables of a given Boolean formula can be assigned in such a way as to make the formula evaluat…
sdi Questions concerning implementation of Single-Document Interface may have this tag.
outlook-object-model the hierarchy of objects, methods and properties exposed by Outlook and available through VBA.
parents the previous nodes before the node of interest
oprofile a profiling system for systems running Linux 2.2, 2.4, and 2.6
openears a shared-source framework for performing continuous speech recognition, text-to-speech, and language model generation in iOS
priority null
pscp a command-line SCP client for transferring files securely between computers using an SSH connection.
python-elixir A Python library that sits upon SQLAlchemy
cloudhub The CloudHub™ cloud integration platform as a service allows you to build and offer repeatable integration applications without creating custom code
database-link null
database-abstraction null
yahoo-oauth Yahoo APIs use the OAuth protocol for authorization and authentication
qt-mobility Qt Mobility enables Qt developers to include standard mobile functionality in their applications as well as provide useful application functionality across desktop platforms
azure-vm-role another PaaS offering from Microsoft on the Azure platform
newtype In Haskell programming language, a newtype declaration creates a new type in much the same way as data.
first-class-functions First-class functions can be assigned to variables, passed to other functions as arguments, or returned from other functions
window-server null
appmobi Questions about appMobi tools and web services, used for creating native mobile applications and websites using HTML5 and JavaScript.
order-of-operations The set of rules within a programming language that determine which operations should be executed first.
maven-cobertura-plugin for questions related to the maven plugin that executes the Cobertura code coverage utility.
maven-dependency a required external library the project depends upon to build and run correctly.
resque-scheduler resque-scheduler is a scheduler for resque jobs
pentaho-design-studio a collection of editors, viewers and administration modules integrated into a single application that provides a graphical environment for building and testing Action Sequence…
self-type a generic type referencing the current class
sequence-alignment A type problem in which two or more sequences need to be lined up with each other, generally for the purposes of identifying similarities between them
sensor-fusion the combining of sensory data or data derived from sensory data from disparate sources such that the resulting information is in some sense better than would be possible when these so…
nspanel The NSPanel class implements a special kind of window , typically performing an auxiliary function.
nsopenglview an NSView subclass in the Apple Appkit framework
switchcompat a version of the Switch widget that follows Material Design guideline and available in a support library and so working with Android API Level 7+
chrome-gcm a service for signed-in Chrome users that helps developers send message data from servers to their Chrome apps and extensions.
hamlet a type-safe framework for generating HTML code from Haskell
openscad a software for creating solid 3D CAD models
openseadragon an open-source, web-based viewer for zoomable images, implemented in pure JavaScript.
object-properties null
tttattributedlabel .
admin-rights null
thingsboard an open-source IoT platform that enables rapid development, management and scaling of IoT projects.
web-based null
uiinclude JSF/Facelets tag to include a composition.
java-client null
unity3d-5 a cross-platform game engine with a built-in IDE developed by Unity Technologies
facebook-webhooks null
ctrlp a vim plugin which allows fast switching of buffers and files.
docker-api null
sshj an SSH Client library written in Java
sshpass the Non-interactive ssh password auth OpenSource project.
sstream null
rt a bug tracking system.
ruamel.yaml a YAML 1.2 loader/dumper library for Python, with round-trip preservation of comments, tags and flow style
addhandler AddHandler is used to add event handlers dynamically in VB.NET
web-optimization The ASP.NET Web optimization framework provides services to improve the performance of your ASP.NET Web applications.
coff a file format for files containing machine code.
aspdotnetstorefront an IIS hosted shopping cart also known as ASPDNSF
soappy a SOAP/XML Schema Library for Python.
extending-classes Method extending, in object oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to inherit all the methods and properties of the extended class.
php-gettext a library for emulating gettext in PHP.
generic-foreign-key an abstraction used in Django to allow a foreign key relationship to be with any model.
class-extensions null
android-maps-utils Handy extensions to the Google Maps Android API.
node-pdfkit a PDF document generation library for Node that makes creating complex, multi-page, printable documents easy
visual-editor a MediaWiki extension that provides a rich-text editor for wikis
dotnetbar set of user interface components for Windows Forms, Silverlight and WPF.
aws-sdk-nodejs AWS SDK for JavaScript enables Node.JS developers to easily work with Amazon Web Services
mysql-error-1111 MySql Error #1111 - Invalid use of group function
dstream an approach that handles streaming computations as a series of deterministic batch computations on small time intervals.
dss Data Services Server
enumset A specialized Set implementation for use with enum types
ibm-jazz a collaborative software development tool that helps teams to manage all aspects of their work
icefaces-1.8 Relates to ICEfaces 1.8, an open-source Rich Internet Application development framework based on the JavaServer Faces 1 standard.
if-modified-since a HTTP conditional request header, where last modification date is the condition.
iframe-app null
hana-cloud-platform a Platform as a Service product from SAP SE
graniteds an open source framework for building Flex/JavaFX/Java solution
generic-constraints null
get-headers null
gerrit-trigger null
memory-leak-detector null
memoryview null
mbox a generic term for a family of related file formats used for holding collections of electronic mail messages
manpage the documentation pages that come preinstalled with almost all substantial Unix and Unix-like operating systems
nutiteq a powerful and easy to use map development tool for smartphones
nsxml Apple's Objective C API for doing tree-based XML document parsing and construction.
newman a wrapper around Apache HttpClient for Scala, it allows request and response serialization, supports ETag HTTP caching and in memory response caching with TTL expiry.
network-shares places to save files & folders in the network.
knox-amazon-s3-client for questions related to the js library knox : a node.js plugin for Amazon S3
knuth-morris-pratt an efficient string matching algorithm.
keycloak-services null
jolokia an alternative to JSR-160 connectors for remote JMX access
jomsocial A social networking software which can be used with Joomla.
jenkins-api Jenkins provides an API that allows you to access Jenkins via REST to retrieve information or interact with Jenkins.
jekyll-bootstrap used to refer to the pre-built scaffold for the static blog generator Jekyll
isolate-scope null
wicked-gem a Ruby gem for building step-by-step wizards in Rails apps
cdr primitive operation on cons cells introduced in the Lisp programming language.
clsid a globally unique identifier that identifies a COM class object.
device-emulation Anything related to the software emulation of hardware devices.
django-ckeditor a pluggable django app that integrates ckeditor into django admin
delegatecommand WPF design pattern that provides a generic reusable implementation of ICommand
codelens a new code editor enhancement of Microsoft Visual Studio 2013 Ultimate and 2015 Professional and up to show code changes, references, bugs, work items and code review requests
create-directory null
argonaut a JSON library for Scala, providing a rich library for parsing, printing and manipulation as well as convenient codecs for translation to and from scala data types.
acaccount An ACAccount object encapsulates information about a user account stored in the Accounts database.
abstract-type A type without instances or without definition
android-device-monitor a standalone tool that provides a UI for several Android application debugging and analysis tools.
superpowered for questions about the usage of the API of the audio engine
supercollider an environment and programming language for real time audio synthesis and algorithmic composition
optionparser null
microsoft-flow for any development issue related to Microsoft Flow integration
kcfinder a free, open-source alternative to the CKFinder web file manager.
cgcolor a type from the CoreGraphics API of Apple , a graphics-related API for all OS X application environments
gae-module The GAE module enables Google App Engine support for your application
game-ai Artificial intelligence techniques applied to video games.
quoted-printable A widely used email encoding that represents all bytes as printable 7-bit ASCII characters using `=` as the escape character, while also limiting line length to 76.
customizing null
ammap a robust interactive Javascript/HTML5 maps library.
.net-reflector an assembly browser that can be used to explore, analyze, decompile, and debug the contents of any .NET assembly.
power-law a functional relationship between two quantities, where one quantity varies as a power of another.
asic An Application-Specific Integrated Circuit is an integrated circuit customized for a specific application, rather than being a general-purpose IC.
areas null
avcam iOS Audio Video Foundation capture APIs for recording movies and taking still images.
awakefromnib awakeFromNib an Objective-C instance method which Prepares the receiver for service after it has been loaded from an Interface Builder archive, or nib file
augeas a configuration editing tool
aqgridview an attempt to create something similar to NSCollectionView on the iPhone
core-elements a set of basic visible and non-visible Polymer elements.
exceljs Node package to read, manipulate and write spreadsheet data and styles to XLSX and JSON.
complex-event-processing Complex event processing consists of processing many events happening across all the layers of an organization, identifying the most meaningful events within the event cloud, analyzing their imp…
dam a digital asset management tool that is fully integrated with the CQ platform and enables your enterprise to share and distribute digital assets
django-reversion an extension to the Django web framework that provides comprehensive version control facilities.
cinema-4d 3D modeling tool developed by MAXON Computer GmbH.
certificate-revocation a process through which we make sure that certificates that are no longer valid are not used by the relying clients
chainer an open source deep learning framework written in Python.
poloniex a US exchange trading in numerous virtual currencies, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Dogecoin.The tag should be used when referring to Poloniex API - https://poloniex.com/suppor…
polish the English name for the language spoken in Poland.
browser-refresh null
cartalyst-sentinel a framework agnostic set of interfaces with default implementations for authentication & authorization.
javax.sound.sampled Provides interfaces and classes for capture, processing, and playback of sampled audio data.
jfxtras an open source project that wants to provide to the developers additional pieces for JavaFx
jenkins-scriptler The Jenkins Scriptler Plugin allows you to store/edit groovy scripts and execute it on any of the slaves/nodes of a Jenkins instance.
jquery-mobile-button null
jquery-mobile-popup jQuery Mobile add the support for handling popups
jscs a code style checker for JavaScript.
jsmpp a java implementation of the SMPP protocol .
jsonobjectrequest JsonObjectRequest—A request for retrieving a JSONObject response body at a given URL, allowing for an optional JSONObject to be passed in as part of the request body.
machine-language null
midp-2.0 a revised version of the MIDP 1.0 specification
modifiers keywords that you add to those definitions to change their meanings.
mlcp an open-source, Java-based command-line tool
gridworld The GridWorld case study provides a graphical environment in which students can experiment with different types of objects and observe how programming changes will affect the behavior of those objects…
grunt-contrib-cssmin A grunt plug-in for compressing and combining CSS files: https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-cssmin
installanywhere A multi-platform deployment solution that will allow your application to be deployed on any platform.
infopath-forms-services null
hipaa Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, subset of the ASC X12 EDI standard for to transfer of healthcare-related information.
exim4 null
euro the currency used by the Institutions of the European Union and is the official currency of the eurozone
dynamic-text null
editmode null
freetext an SQL text-search predicate that uses stemming and a thesaurus to search for the given string.
glcm The gray level co-occurrence matrix is a statistical method of texture analysis that describes texture through a set of statistical measures extracted from a matrix that computes how often pair…
tinyint one of the Exact number data types that use integer data.
class-based-views null
expression-templates a C++ template metaprogramming technique in which templates are used to represent part of an expression as a compile-time structure representing a flattened abstract syntax tre…
aspects modules implemented in an Aspect-Oriented Programming language that contain code for a cross-cutting concern, like logging or security.
adempiere ADempiere, a commons-based peer-production of Open Source ERP Applications.
scramble a way to encode information to make the information unintelligible.
sqlmap an
eclipse-3.5 For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.5
design-decisions general tips and guidelines for designing better applications, regarding APIs, Architecture and internal structures.
nrf51 a family of highly flexible, multi-protocol, system-on-chip devices for ultra-low power wireless applications from Nordic Semiconductor .
nsdatepicker a subclass of NSControl that provides a user interface for displaying and editing an NSDate object.
magento2.0.2 questions related to Magento 2.0.2 version of PHP eCommerce software and platform
identity-insert a Sql Server database option which permits values for an identity column on a table to be explicitly specified during an Insert operation.
uitextinput an iOS protocol that defines behaviors for interacting with and responding to text selection, autocorrection, and other text input events.
higher-rank-types types containing type variables that are locally quantified
anycpu a build target for .net Applications which are compiled using the Visual-Studio IDE
reql the RethinkDB query language
gettimeofday null
imagekit null
stream-socket-client null
rdms Relational Database Management System refers to database systems that store data with a relational model.
s a statistical programming language
nsnull The NSNull class defines a singleton object used to represent null values in collection objects .
nstablecolumn The NSTableColumn class stores the display characteristics and attribute identifier for a column in an NSTableView instance.
xml-binding XML data binding refers to a means of representing information in an XML document as an object in computer memory
drupal-panels The Panel module allows users to manage content and blocks, associate them to a specific layout, and theme them easily.
sencha-touch-2.3 Sencha Touch, a high-performance HTML5 mobile application framework, is the cornerstone of the Sencha HTML5 platform.
pebble-js Pebble.js lets you write beautiful Pebble applications completely in JavaScript.
vimperator a Firefox browser extension with strong inspiration from the Vim text editor, with a mind towards faster and more efficient browsing
focusout null
persistence-unit a logical grouping of user defined persistable classes with related settings.
google-vr-sdk Questions regarding Google VR SDK, available platforms: Android, iOS, Unity or Unreal
activepivot an in-memory analytics solution that provides real-time OLAP capabilities through its transactional engine and multi-threaded processing.
windows-phone-store The App Sharing facility for the Microsoft Windows Phone operating system
attachment-fu a plugin by Rick Olson and is the successor to acts_as_attachment.
treetop a Ruby parser generator for PEG grammars.
quickaction triggered by using 3D Touch on the iOS app icon.
transitive-closure-table a method for storing hierarchical information in a flat database
react-starter-kit an opinionated boilerplate for web development built on top of Node.js, Express, GraphQL and React, containing modern web development tools such as Webpack, Babel and Browsersync.…
sails.io.js JavaScript SDK for communicating w/ Sails via sockets from Node.js or the browser.
auth-token null
angular-ui-tree A tree component for AngularJS, without jQuery as dependency.
nightly-build Building software automatically to ensure that no errors have been committed to source control that would prevent it being built
latex-environment null
data-mapping null
code-assist null
fts4 an SQLite virtual table modules that allows users to perform full-text searches on a set of documents.
xmlrpcclient XML-RPC Clients make remote procedure calls to the XML-RPC servers.
zend-server-ce the free edition of Zend Server, a PHP application server offered by Zend Technologies.
tei Text Encoding Initiative, a semantically rich XML-based language for marking up literature such as classical documents.
proxyquire Questions regarding proxyquire - Proxies nodejs's require to make overriding dependencies during testing
psobject Object encapsulation in powershell used for a consistent view in its environment.
projective-geometry the set of mathematical relationships that describe the mapping of three-dimensional points to a two-dimensional plane
prime31 a vendor providing several commercial Unity game engine plugins for iOS, Android, Windows and Mac.
prawnto a featureful rails plugin leveraging the new kickass prawn library to produce compiled pdf views
sap-connector an API made available by SAP that lets you communicate with RFCs and ABAPs in a SAP system from a .NET application.
r-lavaan a free, open source `R` package for latent variable analysis
reverse-ajax opposite of AJAX
recarray A *rec*ord *array* in the python package numpy - think of as a table with column names.
virtual-earth The Microsoft Virtual Earth or Bing Maps APIs include map controls and services that you can use to incorporate Bing Maps in applications and websites.
voltrb a Ruby web framework where your ruby code runs on both the server and the client
unassigned-variable null
temporal-database a temporal database has built-in time aspects, usually including valid-time and transaction-time.
stack-size null
sharp-architecture a solid architectural foundation for rapidly building maintainable web applications leveraging the ASP.NET MVC framework with NHibernate.
sigpipe the signal sent to a process when it attempts to write to a pipe without a process connected to the other end.
sitecore-ecm a Sitecore module which lets you carry out massive email campaigns and analyze their results so you can continuously optimize your campaign results.
sqlcachedependency Establishes a relationship between an item stored in an ASP.NET application's Cache object and either a specific SQL Server database table or the results of a SQL Server 2005 query
swank the Common Lisp server component of SLIME, the Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs.
unobtrusive-ajax Question regarding Microsoft jQuery plugin for Unobtrusive Ajax
tokyo-cabinet a modern key-value based database system.
voicemail an electronic communication system in which spoken messages are recorded or digitized for later playback to the intended recipient.
variable-initialization the assignment of an initial value for a data object or variable.
winapp null
reformatting The act of rearranging structured text according to a ruleset concerning indentation, spacing and newlines for the specified language .
rendertransform null
resharper-7.1 a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2013
scroll-paging An implementation for a Scroll-View by providing the ability to snap into predefined frames
schtasks .
serp Serp refers to Search Engine Results Page
ppi a measurement of the pixel density defined as the number of horizontal or vertical pixel found in an inch.
private-pub a Ruby gem for use with Rails to publish and subscribe to messages through Faye.
pony The express way to send mail from Ruby.
playing Use for questions related to mimicking playing cards in questions
photogrammetry the practice of determining the geometric properties of objects from photographic images.
opends an open source LDAP server, written in Java
ocpjp OCPJP , formerly Sun Certified Java Programmer , is a certification for programmers experienced using the Java programming language
oracle-commerce Formerly known as ATG and Endeca, Oracle Commerce combines both the ATG Framework and the Endeca Search Engine in a single, integrated commerce solution.
kylin An open source distributed Analytical Engine from eBay to provide SQL interface and multi-dimensional analysis on Hadoop to support TB to PB size analysis.
zend-router a tag suitable for any questions regarding routing in Zend Framework's MVC implementation, url handling, or any other matter affecting or affected by routing in Zend Framework.
hdiv an opensource Web Application Security Framework for a java web applications.
hdc null
wso2mb WSO2 Message Brokers enable applications to exchange communications asynchronously or publish messages for timely access by many subscribers
propertysheet a window that allows the user to view and edit the properties of an item
block-cipher a keyed bijective function
linkedin-j null
xbl a declarative XML language which implements the publish/subscribe pattern
angular-router-guards null
late-static-binding a way for a static parent class method or variable to refer to the current class that is being executed via the static:: scope resolutor
ipad-3 The 3rd Generation Apple iPad.
pyelasticsearch a clean, future-proof, high-scale python API to elasticsearch.
campaign-monitor an Email-Newsletter Service provider.
tree-structure null
trash a place where deleted files are stored before they are permanently deleted.
ng-upgrade Using the `upgrade` module in Angular to incrementally upgrade an AngularJS application to Angular.
fastscroll null
firephp a plugin, for the Firebug add-on, that provides non-invasive logging from PHP programs to the Firebug Console
google-web-designer A free, professional-grade HTML5 authoring tool from Google
recvfrom used to receive messages from a socket, and may be used to receive data on a socket whether or not it is connection-oriented.
mappedsuperclass Annotation for a class that entity classes inherit from
typesetting the process of arranging glyphs in the assembly of in a beautifully-arranged manner
upperbound Upperbound refers to the maximum limit or the highest capacity a system can handle.
google-analytics-filters Filters allow you to limit and modify the data that is included in a view.
drupal-exposed-filter a filter used by the Views module that is exposed to users, who can decide the criteria used to filter the content shown from a view.
pythagorean null
espeak A free speech synthesizer available for *nix and Windows which has bindings for several programming languages, including Python, JavaScript, Lua and Go
zinnia a django package that provides a simple yet powerful and really extendable application for managing a blog within your Django Web site.
boost-mutex The mutual exclusion classes of the Boost.Thread library are designed to serialize access to resources shared between C++ threads.
ggplotly a function which converts a ggplot object into an interactive plotly object
anyevent a Perl framework for event-based programming
opensearch a document description format for defining an API like interface to execute simple searches on that site
weasyprint a visual rendering engine for HTML and CSS that can export to PDF
kiln Fog Creek's distributed version control system based on Mercurial
google-fonts null
spring-test-dbunit Spring DBUnit provides integration between the Spring testing framework and the popular DBUnit project.
npoco a simple C# micro-ORM that maps the results of a query onto a POCO object.
automapper-6 null
depth-testing a technique used in 3D graphics to ensure that only the objects closest to the viewer are drawn in a scene.
dnvm the .NET Version Manager, a set of command line utilities to update and configure which .NET Runtime to use
facebook-java-api The Facebook Java API represents the java SDK for the Facebook Ads API which is used by application developers to create, manage and measure ad campaigns that run on Facebook.
rstan an API in R for the STAN programming language for Bayesian Statistical Inference, found here; http://mc-stan.org/
web-publishing a generic term for publishing content on the internet
tool-uml null
tinybutstrong a template engine for PHP.
cbir a method for retrieving images from databases by using the actual content of images
sorm A functional boilerplate-free Scala ORM
sony-smarteyeglass a wearable device that connects to Android devices and offers an API for notifications and custom applications.
visual-studio-designer null
8085 an 8-bit CPU from the 1970's
computer-algebra-systems a software program that allows to compute mathematical expressions via symbolic computations.
in-app-subscription Google Play In-app billing subscriptions let you sell content, services, or features in your app with automated, recurring billing.
wmplib null
formats null
draper Decorators/View-Models for Rails Applications
hmail-server a free e-mail server for Microsoft Windows.
inspect-element null
graphframes DataFrame based graph library for Apache Spark
gradle-dependencies to manage the versions of all compile and runtime dependencies of a project, including resolution rules for transitive dependencies with conflicting versions.
google-breakpad a library and tool suite that allows you to distribute an application to users with compiler-provided debugging information removed, record crashes in compact files, send them b…
gnus a powerful News and Mail reader for Emacs.
gm for questions regarding usages of the gm library for node.js
migrating Moving program from one platform to another, or replace some of the libraries with other versions or similar libraries
msbuildextensionpack an open source collection of tasks that can be plugged into the Microsoft build automation system.
morphing a special effect in motion pictures and animations that changes one image into another through a seamless transition
monospace Monospace or fonts have the same width for each character
mclapply a parallelized version of lapply, it returns a list of the same length as X, each element of which is the result of applying FUN to the corresponding element of X.
nvidia-digits NVIDIA Deep Learning GPU Training System is a GUI for training and developing deep neural networks.
noaa National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration - A US government agency which monitors and researches the oceans and atmosphere.
libssl null
jquery-scrollify A jQuery plugin that assists scrolling and snaps to sections.
java-ws null
bytestream a series of bytes.
bigbluebutton BigBlueButton enables universities and colleges to deliver learning experiences to remote students.
white-labelling null
chronicle-queue null
delete-directory Tag for questions regarding directory deletion
declared-property a convenient way to replace the declaration and manual implementation of accessor methods for objects.
dcmtk a collection of libraries and applications implementing large parts the DICOM standard.
concurrent-collections several collection implementations in .Net that support multi-threaded access in a safe and efficient way
execfile a Python 2.x
code-sharing null
code-templates null
crystal-reports-server an entry-level BI solution based on the SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence Platform.
apache-commons-digester Digester reads XML and triggers actions called rules when certain constructs are recognized
alertify a JavaScript alert/notification system that easily allows you to create alerts, prompt dialogs and confirmation dialogs
adonis.js a Node.js MVC framework
custom-scrolling Questions about innovative ways to create scrolling for user interfaces.
oxygenxml A suite of XML authoring, development and debugging tools.
garrys-mod a Sandbox Game based around player created content
ora-00933 SQL command not properly ended
itunes-app null
buildship a collection of Eclipse plug-ins that provide support for building software using Gradle.
kendo-editor a Kendo widget that allows users to create rich text content by means of a WYSIWYG interfance
sun-codemodel a Java library for code generators.
vaadin4spring This add-on adds support for Vaadin to Spring and Spring Boot, or Spring support to Vaadin, depending on your point of view
custom-transition Developer defined transition between views, which gives full control to define the animations that are used when a navigation from one view controller to another occurs.
analog-digital-converter Anything related to analog-to-digital converters
.profile the local shell initialization script for Unix shells
applescript-excel for questions regarding the control of Microsoft Excel for OS X using AppleScript.
architecture-components A new collection of libraries that help you design robust, testable, and maintainable apps
d3v4 the version 4.0 of d3.js, a small, open-source JavaScript data visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data.
coveralls a code test coverage tool and associated service to display the code test coverage trends.
ember-cli-addons null
conio A non-standard C library that enables users to move the cursor on Terminals and place characters at certain locations.
com4j a Java library that allows Java applications to seamlessly interoperate with the Microsoft Component Object Model; a Java tool that imports a COM type library and generates the Java definitions of tha…
date-of-birth For questions related to storing, retrieving, and viewing Date of Birth information.
data-dumper a Perl library for generating stringified representations of data structures, suitable for both printing and eval.
downloadstring null
clickatell should be about the Clickatell API
bidirectional-relation null
beyondcompare3 a tool used to compare files and directories.
bfg-repo-cleaner an alternative to Git's native filter-branch tool that's designed to perform branch filtering significantly faster.
bsp In embedded systems, a board support package is implementation specific support code for a given board that conforms to a given operating system
java-wireless-toolkit Java ME Wireless Toolkit, also known as WTK and Java ME SDK
isis Java framework for rapid development of domain driven applications
jung2 General framework for the modeling, analysis, and visualization of graphs.
kotlin-interop Usage of Kotlin together with other languages, most notably Java
maintenance-plan any variety of scheduled maintenance to an object or item of equipment
nstoolbaritem null
nerddinner an open source ASP.NET MVC project that allows Technology People to host their Lunches, Flashmobs, Dinners and informal get-togethers.
myspace Myspace is a social networking service.
meteor-collections Meteor's way of storing persistent data
modelmetadata null
google-news a free news aggregator provided and operated by Google Inc, selecting most up-to-date information from thousands of publications by an automatic aggregation algorithm.
ietf-netmod-yang a data modeling language originally designed to model data manipulated by the Network Configuration Protocol
drupal-templates part of Drupal's theming system and allow for the customization of Drupal sites.
dynamic-pivot The PIVOT syntax converts row data into columnar data
expected-exception null
emacsclient a program which allows the user to connect to the Emacs Server
form-api An API for add forms to your Drupal website.
futex A futex is a Linux construct that can be used to implement basic locking, or as a building block for higher-level locking abstractions such as semaphores and POSIX m…
gdkpixbuf null
festival The Festival Speech Synthesis System
bindvalue In PHP, binds a value to a corresponding named or question mark parameter in the SQL statement that was used to prepare the statement.
side-menu null
shtml HTML files that undergo server-side includes processing
compose a Database as a Service provider that offers cloud-based databases .
git-tf a cross-platform tool to bridge git repositories with Microsoft Team Foundation Server version control
dvb DVB - a set of digital TV standards from the Digital Video Broadcasting Project
libcrypto The OpenSSL crypto library implements a wide range of cryptographic algorithms used in various Internet standards
office-ui-fabric Questions around the Office UI Fabric development and components
pivotitem null
nolock prevent queries from issuing shared read locks
android-market-filtering android-market-filtering tag refers to new feature of Android Market - filtration of applications against supported devices
android-internal-storage Android device's internal storage memory
gst-launch Questions related to gst-launch command line tool, used to build and run a GStreamer pipeline.
android-textureview null
extended-properties null
expression-encoder a tool which allows to record from the window screen, audio devices and/or video devices to computer or stream over the net.
brace-initialization null
branch-and-bound a general technique for finding optimal solutions of various combinatorial and integer programming problems
rubinius an implementation of the Ruby programming language using LLVM.
presentation-layer null
prefuse a set of software tools for creating rich interactive data visualizations in the Java programming language.
sqljdbc Microsoft JDBC Driver for SQL Server
mpeg-2 Questions related to MPEG-2, an ISO/IEC standard for video/audio compression and systems
sql-query-store SQL Server Query store introduced in SQL Server 2016 stores multiple query plans per query
eclipse-che an open source developer workspace server and cloud IDE.
mupad a computer algebra system.
sslsocketfactory Layered socket factory for TLS/SSL connections, based on JSSE
cudafy.net CUDAfy.NET allows easy development of high performance GPGPU applications completely from the Microsoft .NET framework
cubic null
vsts-package-management an extension for Visual Studio Team Services that can host NuGet and npm packages and organize them in feeds.
system.web.optimization The System.Web.Optimization namespace includes classes that support Content Delivery Networks and the process of optimizing JavaScript and cascading style sheet files in a website to reduc…
jquery-filter Given a jQuery object that represents a set of DOM elements, the .filter method constructs a new jQuery object from a subset of the matching elements
java-annotations null
web2py-modules modules that are available in web2py web framework out of the box
ts-loader null
objective-c-swift-bridge Swift’s compatibility with Objective-C lets you create a project that contains files written in either language.
objectinstantiation null
boost-lambda a C++ template library, which implements a form of lambda abstractions for C++
ryu a component-based software defined networking framework.
rworldmap a package for the r language which is used to map and analyze country level datasets.
taps Taps – simple database import/export app
etsy an e-commerce website focused on handmade or vintage items as well as art and craft supplies.
symfony-console The Console component allows developers to create command-line commands
nsslider NSSlider object belongs to Apple's class it displays a range of values
type-signature null
pdfstamper null
redisson Redisson - distributed Java objects and services
vignette software that offers content management, portal, collaboration, document management, and records management.
viewport3d a .NET framework class used to render 3-D content within the application 2-D layout.
application-state for questions related to the Application State; an application can be at the active state, for example.
appscript Use only for Apple scripts, not google-apps-script
actionviewhelper Helper classes for
application-error null
jmc Java Flight Recorder and Java Mission Control together create a complete tool chain to continuously collect low level and detailed runtime information enabling after-the-fact incident analysis.
audiosession a group of related audio streams.
windows-phone-8-sdk Microsoft has released the Windows Phone 8 SDK for the Build developer conference, taking place on the Redmond campus on Oct 30, 2012.
htop an interactive process viewer for Linux
ragel Ragel finite-state-machine compiler
camera-overlay Camera-overlay represents the iOS property cameraOverlayView, which is a custom view to display on top of the default image picker interface
pythonxy a free scientific and engineering development software
cosmos an operating system
pyinotify a Python module for monitoring filesystems changes.
readelf readelf displays information about ELF object files
nidaqmx shorthand for National Instruments Data Acquisition
nice a UNIX kernel call and the name of a utility employed to lower or raise a process' CPU priority.
xc8 a free-standing, optimizing ANSI C compiler
qtextdocument The QTextDocument class, part of the Qt framework, holds formatted text that can be viewed and edited using a QTextEdit.
iobluetooth null
azure-application-gateway null
azure-analysis-services Related to Analysis Services running as the platform-as-a-service offering in Microsoft's Azure cloud.
cocossharp .Net cross platform library for 2D games using C# and F#
wso2bps a key technology for increasing productivity and re-energizing businesses, making them more competitive
xtify A tool to send Push Notifications for iOS, Android, and Blackberry mobile applications
zend-amf a PHP open source library used to serialize/deserialize AMF packages, part of Zend Framework.
entityreference null
closest-points null
optimizely Optimizely provides A/B testing, Multivariate Testing and optimizations for websites and mobile apps via software as a service
opendocument intended for questions related to one of the XML file formats defined in the Open Document Format for Office Applications specifications.
parentviewcontroller parentViewController, in terms of hierarchy, is the immediate view controller above the current view controller
output-formatting questions on how to output non-string objects into one or more lines of text, for instance numbers , or arrays
parsekit an opensource string tokenizing and parsing toolkit written in Objective-C
pc-lint a commercial software linting tool produced by Gimpel Software for the C/C++ languages
photography the art, science, and practice of creating durable images by recording light or other electromagnetic radiation, either chemically by means of a light-sensitive material such as photogr…
picturefill The picture element and associated features are W3C standard HTML features that allow web developers to deliver an appropriate image to every user depending on a variety of conditions like screen size…
ponyorm an ORM written in pure Python
poptoviewcontroller method in UINavigationController class that is part of iOS SDK
progressive null
pspdfkit PSPDFKit supports fast PDF viewing, annotating and signing of documents.PSPDFKit supports basic PDF password encryption
pybluez a Python extension module allowing access to system Bluetooth resources on Windows, Linux, and OS X.
server-variables null
selenium-server Selenium component for running Selenium-RC and Selenium-Grid
selectoneradio JSF tag to create a single-select radio button group.
robust null
web-content null
webshim a modular capability-based polyfill loading libary, which extends jQuery with many HTML5 features in legacy browsers
websphere-mq-fte WebSphere MQ Managed File Transfer is a Managed File Transfer product from IBM
variable-types null
trojan a malicious program which is injected to or poses as a known application.
trilateration the process of determining absolute or relative locations of points by measurement of distances, using the geometry of circles, spheres or triangles.
uncaughtexceptionhandler a interface defining the handlers invoked whenever a Thread throws an exception that is not caught by any `try` block
swift3.2 if your question is about a specific change introduced in `Swift 3.2`
table-locking null
syndication-feed SyndicationFeed Class represents a top-level feed object, <feed> in Atom 1.0 and <rss> in RSS 2.0.
sql-server-ce-3.5 null
spanning-tree A spanning tree in an connected, undirected graph is a subgraph that includes all vertices, is a tree and is connected.
spring-boot-admin a project by codecentric to manage and monitor spring boot application
specification-pattern Allows business rules to be recombined by chaining the business rules together using boolean logic
shift-jis a character encoding for the Japanese language
subversion-edge a distribution of the Subversion source control software that includes a web console and server monitoring tools.
stofdoctrineextensions null
stellar.js A jQuery plugin that provides parallax scrolling effects to any scrolling element.
unsupported-class-version thrown when the Java Virtual Machine attempts to read a class file and determines that the major and minor version numbers in the file are not supported.
trending null
tlist Delphi VCL class for a list of pointers.
vertical-text written from top to bottom
webdynpro a web application user interface developed by SAP AG and exists in both ABAP and Java versions.
routines null
rowsum Questions regarding rowsum, R function which gives column sums of a matrix or data frame, based on a grouping variable
sas-ods the Output Delivery System for the SAS language, the method by which various formats of output are usually produced in SAS.
rewritemap When using `mod_rewrite`, the `RewriteMap` directive defines a which can be used inside rule substitution strings to insert or substitute fields with a key/value lookup.
qmail Message/mail transfer agent designed for UNIX hosts.
psgi an interface between web servers and Perl-based web applications and frameworks that allows writing portable applications that can be run as standalone serv…
piano The piano is a musical instrument played using a keyboard.
orangehrm an open-source human resource management system.
teamcity-7.1 Version 7.1 of Teamcity, a Java-based build management and continuous integration server from JetBrains.
lazyload a design pattern commonly used in computer programming to defer initialization of an object until the point at which it is needed
static-initializer a static {} block of code inside java class, and run only one time before the constructor or main method is called.
stdasync The C++11 function template std::async provides a mechanism to launch a function potentially in a new thread and provides the result of the function in a future object.
statelistdrawable Question regarding Android's StateListDrawable which lets enable to assign a number of graphic images to a single Drawable and swap out the visible item by a string ID value
healpy Healpy provides a python package to manipulate healpix maps
netflow is a Cisco standard IP traffic reporting format, summarizing network sessions in terms of endpoints, port/protocol, bytes transferred, and other data.
netconnection null
netduino an open-source electronics platform using the .NET Micro Framework.
mui a internationalization/localization technology in Windows
productivity-power-tools A set of extensions to Visual Studio which improves developer productivity
azure-sql-server null
pyfits PyFITS provides an interface to FITS formatted files in the Python scripting language and PyRAF, the Python-based interface to IRAF.
qdebug The QDebug class, part of the Qt framework, provides an output stream for debugging information.
stylelint A modern CSS linter that helps you enforce consistent conventions and avoid errors in your stylesheets.
tree-conflict A tree conflict occurs in a revision control system when conflicting changes are made to the repository's directory structure on different branches and then those branches are merged.
ats a statically typed programming language that unifies implementation with formal specification
parallel-for Parallel.For executes a for loop in which iterations may run in parallel to each other.
jitpack an easy to use package repository for GitHub
restheart a RESTful gateway for access to MongoDB
jmespath JMESPath is a query language for JSON
typescript1.7 Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 1.7
deepstream.io a Node server that allows clients to sync data, whether they're browsers or mobile applications
dronekit for general architectural or setup questions for 3D Robotics drone APIs.
sw-precache a JavaScript build tool used to generate a service worker file.
child-nodes null
onresize an event which occurs when the browser window has been resized.
opennms an enterprise grade network monitoring and network management platform developed under the free software or open source model.
singleton-methods Methods related to using of the singleton design pattern.
wcfserviceclient null
ansi-colors null
livy a service that enables easy interaction with a Spark cluster over a REST interface
requestcontext null
javacpp JavaCPP - a bridge between Java and native C++.
jqueryform jQuery plugin for submitting for data using AJAX
spring-security-kerberos Kerberos support for Spring Security.
google-finance-api query information about portfolios stored in Google Finance
google-hangouts DO NOT USE THIS TAG
jquery-1.4 For issues relating to using jQuery, version 1.4.
idiorm a lightweight nearly-zero-configuration object-relational mapper and fluent query builder for PHP 5.
mail-form a user interaction pattern where a user enters mail contents into an HTML form and some program constructs an email message from that and sends it
nppexec a console plugin for Notepad++ that allows you to run scripts and some built-in commands.
nsbuttoncell a subclass of NSActionCell used to implement the user interfaces of push buttons, checkboxes , and radio buttons
facebook-fbml Facebook FBML was an HTML like markup language for rendering Facebook specific data in a page
designated-initializer In Cocoa programming, a designated initializer is the method through which all of the instance's initial parameters can be set
ssjs Questions regarding ssjs - Server Side JavaScript
ssdt-bi null
easyrtc a full-stack open source WebRTC toolkit suitable for building highly secure, WebRTC applications
easyhook An open-source library that supports hooking unmanaged APIs with managed code.
huge-pages a mechanism that allows the Linux kernel to utilize the multiple page size capabilities of modern hardware architectures.
admin-generator A tool of Symfony PHP framework that allows automatic generation of administrator sections in a web application
android-sinch-api null
aspbutton `<asp:Button/>` displays a push button control on the Web page.
php-socket PHP comes with a very capable socket programming API
aspmenu The ASP.NET Menu control allows both statically and dynamically displayed menus for ASP.NET Web forms pages
class-constants In object-oriented programming, a class constant is a constant defined within a class.
php-ews PHP Exchange Web Services
mockjax jQuery Mockjax provides request/response mocking for ajax requests with jQuery and provides all standard behaviors in the request/response flow.
pkix the Internet's PKI as specified by the Internet Engineering Task Force
glide-image-library null
mds Questions regarding MDS - Multidimensional Scaling R functions
sound-synthesis Periodic electric signals can be converted into sound by amplifying them and driving a loudspeaker with them
concrete5-5.7 a major version of concrete5
shoutem Shoutem UI - Customizable set of components for React Native applications
winscard Smart Card Resource Manager Helper Library, implementing the Personal Computer/Smart Card API in Microsoft Windows 2000 and later.
wiringpi Question regarding Wiring Pi - a GPIO Interface library for the Raspberry Pi
nco the acronym standing for netCDF Operators, a collection of standalone operators that manipulate data stored in netCDF-accessible formats, including HDF4 and HDF5
fennec the code name for the mobile version of Firefox.
factories a pattern used mainly for testing purposes which uses code rather than fake data as in fixtures to help the population of objects.
fact-table fact table mainly consists of business facts and foreign keys that refer to primary keys in the dimension tables
explicit-conversion about the `Explicit` C++ keyword.
interceptorstack A bundle of interceptors invoked on an action in the order specified in the configuration.
google-shopping-api aimed at helping Google Affiliate Network publishers and Google Commerce Search customers access product data
graph-coloring null
happybase a developer-friendly Python library to interact with Apache HBase
gmsplacepicker for questions related to the GMSPlacePicker class as provided in the Google Maps SDK for iOS.
mpmath a Python library for arbitrary-precision floating-point arithmetic.
method-hiding null
mylocationoverlay An Android Overlay for drawing the user's current location on the map, and/or a compass-rose inset.
multimethod null
loop-invariant In formal program verification, loop invariants are expressed in formal predicate logic and used to prove properties of loops and, by extension, algorithms employing loops
longest-path null
localreport processed and rendered locally without connecting to a report server.
light-inject An ultra lightweight single file Inversion of Control container for the .Net framework.
linq-query-syntax the name for a set of technologies based on the integration of query capabilities directly into the C# language.
linux-namespaces For questions regarding Linux kernel's namespaces mechanism.
kestrel a simple, distributed message queue system written in Scala.
bessel-functions the canonical solutions of Bessel's differential equation for an arbitrary complex number.
cloudwatch null
cd-rom A CD-ROM is a pre-pressed compact disc that contains data accessible to, but not writable by, a computer for data storage and music playback.
caemitterlayer The CAEmitterLayer class provides a particle emitter system for Core Animation
django-endless-pagination a pagination tools supporting ajax, multiple and lazy pagination, Twitter-style and Digg-style pagination.
colorfilter null
colorize null
cpanm cpanm - Manages Perl library dependencies
2d-vector represent a direction in a plane and that can be represented as a pair of real numbers
cffile cffile - ColdFusion tag for manipulating files on the server
gaussianblur null
messagepack a binary-based efficient object serialization library
password-storage often a tricky issue - where do you keep it so that it is well protected? This tag deals with problems relating to the management of user credentials in a system.
iwork the Apple suite of office application to create documents, spreadsheets and presentations on the Mac and iOS devices.
itemdatabound null
pathinfo null
usleep a function provided by various languages and run times that delays a script or program by an amount of time specified in micro-seconds .
dia an cross-platfrom open source diagramming tool.
cvs2svn a tool for migrating a CVS repository to Subversion, git, or Bazaar.
cxf-codegen-plugin A Maven plugin which can generate Java artifacts from a Web Services Description Language file, using Apache CXF.
ambiguous-call a situation, when compiler cannot deduce from the passed parameter types, which version of function or method shall it use.
ambiguous-grammar null
adcolony a mobile video advertising company whose proprietary Instant-Play™ technology serves razor sharp, full-screen video ads instantly in HD across its network of iOS and Android apps, eliminat…
advanced-queuing a sort of Message Oriented Middleware developed by Oracle Corporation and integrated into its Oracle database.
assetslibrary An instance of ALAssetsLibrary represents the videos and photos that are under the control of the Photos application.
apple-id the login you use for just about everything you do with Apple, including using iCloud to store your content, downloading apps from the App Store, and buying songs, movies, and TV shows …
appjs an open-source SDK to develop desktop applications using Node.js and the Chromium Embedded Framework.
android-filter null
android-push-notification null
android-print-framework Android Printing Framework introduced in Android KitKat 4.4 enables printing documents and images directly from applications.
android-number-picker A widget that enables the user to select a number from a predefined range
convex-polygon a simple polygon whose interior is a convex set
custom-event null
ember-addon Extensions for ember.js applications
downcast Downcasting permits an object of a superclass type to be treated as an object of any subclass type.
dataflowtask null
ddd-debugger Data Display Debugger
debounce null
cactivedataprovider data provider for Yii PHP based on ActiveRecord
cedit null
cdma Code division multiple access : the channel access method
booleanquery used in information retrieval scenario when you write a query with multiple rules combined with bolean conjunctive predicates.
lejos-nxj leJOS is a tiny Java Virtual Machine
laravel-5.6 the current stable version of the open-source PHP web framework created by Taylor Otwell
lookbackapi part of Rally Software's Analytics 2.0 platform
jvm-bytecode Questions about the JVM .class bytecode format or instruction set.
nsunknownkeyexception for the specific error: NSUnknownKeyException in iOS
nxlog a universal log collector and forwarder supporting different platforms, log sources and protocols.
mcustomscrollbar a highly customizable custom scrollbar jQuery plugin.
matconvnet a MATLAB toolbox implementing Convolutional Neural Networks for computer vision applications.
modular-design Modular programming is a software design technique that emphasizes separating the functionality of a program into independent, interchangeable…
mkbundle part of Mono open source ECMA CLI, C# and .NET implementation
mks-integrity a software system lifecycle management and application lifecycle management platform developed by MKS Inc.
grails-2.5 for version 2.5 only, use grails tag for general question about grails Web application framework
google-smartlockpasswords With the Smart Lock for Passwords API, you can programmatically save and retrieve credentials, and automatically sign users in across devices and websites in Chrome.
inherited refers to the classes or objects that a particular class inherits from.
explicit-interface C# Explicit Interface Implementation when implementing two interfaces, both with the same method and different implementations
event-stream for questions relating to event streams in HTTP
event-triggers Unlike a normal database trigger that fires before or after DML statements, an event trigger will fire at other database events, like the execution of DDL statements or when a database session is esta…
dumpbin The Microsoft COFF Binary File Dumper displays information about Common Object File Format binary files.
edge.js a library that connects Node.js scripts and .NET in the same process, allowing function calls between both parts.
formatdatetime null
ncrunch a continuous testing tool for Visual Studio .NET
inclusion null
luminus a Clojure Web Micro-framework which uses Compojure, Ring and some popular middlewares
dynamic-css the abbreviation of Cascading Style Sheets
soundeffect null
modalpopups null
skype4py a BSD-licensed open source Python wrapper for the Skype API
geomap null
genshi a Python library that provides an integrated set of components for parsing, generating, and processing HTML, XML or other textual content for output generation on the web.
asp.net-session null
addressof null
brace-expansion Brace expansion converts as an evaluation phase of a command in most Bourne-derived shells.
numerical-stability In the mathematical subfield of numerical analysis, numerical stability is a generally desirable property of numerical algorithms
graphstream a Java library for the modeling and analysis of dynamic graphs
great-circle the intersection of the sphere and a plane which passes through the center point of the sphere
gravityforms A tool for creating advanced forms in WordPress that provides integration with PayPal, MailChimp, etc.
docblocks a specially formatted PHP comment which allows external document generators to generate documentation of APIs and helps some IDEs to interpret variable types, provide improved code compl…
facebook-requests null
cuba-platform an open source high level full-stack Java framework for faster enterprise software development
system-information null
multi-query Used for running multiple database queries/statements
multiple-models null
magic-quotes-gpc a PHP configuration setting enabling for GET/POST/COOKIE variables.
jquery-1.7 a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
javah javah produces C header files and C source files from a Java class
gforth a fast and portable implementation of the ANS Forth language
git-commands null
image-masking null
bayeux a protocol for transporting asynchronous messages , with low latency between a web server and a web client
listjs a lightweight JavaScript library for adding sorting, searching and paging functionality to plain html lists and tables
file-listing null
tvp a feature introduced in SQL SERVER 2008
sinatra-activerecord Extends Sinatra with extension methods and Rake tasks for dealing with an SQL database using the ActiveRecord ORM
opalrb a fast and very small Ruby-to-JavaScript compiler that can be run in any browser.
boost-bjam null
ta-lib widely used by trading software developers requiring to perform technical analysis of financial market data
rdtsc the x86 read time stamp counter instruction.
arity the number of arguments or operands that the function takes.
typed Variables that datatypes have been assigned to.
google-amp an open-source initiative aiming to make the web better for all
url-validation null
struts2-convention-plugin The Struts 2 Convention Plugin provides Struts 2 with convention-based actions and views, allowing zero-config Struts 2 applications, while providing customization at multiple levels.
reactstrap Stateless React Components for Bootstrap 4.
ipad-mini The iPad Mini refers to the iPad models with a 7.9-inch LED display.
sails-postgresql A Waterline adapter for PostgreSQL
qtextstream The QTextStream class provides a convenient interface for reading and writing text.
full-trust null
angular2-jwt Questions about helper library for working with JWTs in your Angular 2 applications
zebra-puzzle a combinatorial logic puzzle
wsgen wsgen - Reads a web service endpoint implementation class and generates all of the required artifacts for web service deployment, and invocation.
xcode6-beta6 Xcode 6 beta 6 was a pre-release version of Xcode 6 released on August 18, 2014.
reloading null
credits null
background-attachment null
registerhotkey null
bacpac archives containing the schema and data of Data-tier Applications
teensy a complete USB-based microcontroller development system, in a very small footprint, capable of implementing many types of projects.
teamspeak A VoIP software package from TeamSpeak Software.
teamviewer a proprietary computer software package for remote control, desktop sharing, online meetings, web conferencing and file transfer between computers.
orbital-mechanics Objects revolving around each other
parse-url the process of splitting a Universal Resource Locator into its component parts usually to extract parameters made as part of a request or to filter requests
phonejs a HTML5 JavaScript framework for smartphones and tablets.
phoenix-channels Phoenix framework's channels give the tools to organize the code and the communication among users while keeping the connection opened for live messages updates, its transportation-agnostic, so it ca…
sanitizer a compiler feature supported by Clang and GCC for instrumenting programs to do dynamic analysis and catch many classes of bugs at runtime.
rmiregistry kind of RMI naming service where remote objects could be registered under some string name so they could be found and accessed by other clients connecting the sa…
sequence-to-sequence used for Google's deprecated seq2seq framework, an encoder-decoder framework for Tensorflow
sevenzipsharp C Sharp implementation of the 7 Zip library.
setw a `C++` function used to sets the field width to be used on output operations.
webgl2 the 2nd version of WebGL
window-management null
tofixed JavaScript's Number.prototype.toFixed formats a number using fixed-point notation.
tridion2009 for SDL Tridion 2009 related queries.
trackball null
unobtrusive null
uisearchbardisplaycontrol null
steambot an open-source C# library for creating bots for Steam .
smf SMF can refer to either Silverlight Media Framework or Simple Machines Forum or a Solaris service manager or Standard MIDI File
sql-convert a general function that converts an expression of one data type to another.
socketrocket For questions related to SocketRocket, a WebSocket client for Objective-C
smartbanner Smart banners appear at the top of a webpage to inform users of a native App Store app
skins a custom graphical appearance achieved by the use of a graphical user interface that can be applied to specific software and websites to suit the purpose, topic, or tastes of different…
simpledom A bridge between SimpleXML and the DOM extension, plus a bunch of convenience methods
step-into null
strong-references regular references that are protected from garbage collection, in contrast to weak references.
tcc a tiny C compiler which enables you to use C as scripting language.
truezip Q&A for the TrueZIP Java Open Source Software project.
twitter-feed basically a list of certain Twitter posts that match certain conditions.
twill an open source language written in Python that allows browsing the Web from a command line interface
watchpoint a point at which program executed via a debugger stops to let the programmer peek into memory and call stack or enter step by step execution mode.
video-embedding null
varray a PL/SQL datatype
scatterview MPI Scatterv c++ vectors
saprfc The Remote Function Call used by the SAP NetWeaver ABAP runtime environment for both inbound and outbound communication.
qqmlcomponent In the Qt framework, the QQmlComponent class encapsulates a QML component definition.
return-code null
recompose a React utility belt for function components and higher-order components
poodle-attack The POODLE attack is a man-in-the-middle exploit which takes advantage of web browsers' fallback to SSL 3.0.
pos-for-.net pos-for-.net refers to Point of Service class libraries by Microsoft that allows applications developed in the .NET Framework to integrate with point of sale peripheral devices.
print-spooler-api The API to access and manipulate a print spooler
ppapi a cross-platform API for plugins for web browsers
page-caching null
database-management null
wso2as a lightweight, high performing, easy to manage and maintain platform for service and Web application hosting.
wsod White Screen Of Death
wordpress-hook null
y-combinator a higher-order function that allows a function that does not know its own name to call itself
youtube.net-api The YouTube Data API v3 provides various functionality to implement YouTube in an application by using the Google APIs Client Library for .NET.
django-filebrowser a pluggable django app that allows to manage files through the admin interface
riemann a network event stream processing system written in Clojure
protocol-extension null
qt5.2 a version of cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of GUI programs.
invantive-sql a SQL language and execution engine which retrieves and stores data in many traditional databases as well as cloud-based applications using a consistent SQL dialect, such as Exact Onl…
vcs-checkout Checkout a branch or file to the current working tree in a version control system repo.
process-substitution a form of inter-process communication that allows the input or output of a command to appear as a file
iqkeyboardmanager when you have questions about the IQKeyboardManager library and not about the iOS keyboard in general.
structural-typing the ability of a type system to identify a type based on what data it contains, rather than how a type is named.
suave A lightweight, non-blocking web server for F#
canvas-lms an educational tool that connects student with teachers
http-accept-language Questions related to the Accept Language request header field of HTTP
fitbounds null
atmega16 one of product range featuring 16KB programmable flash memory
atlassian-crowd null
gogs a self-hosted git service written in go.
job-queue In system software, a job queue , is a data structure maintained by job scheduler software containing jobs to run.
osticket a widely-used open source support ticket system
activedirectorymembership null
acronym a series of letters that form a word based on another word or phrase.
symbol-server null
swingbuilder Swing Builder helps you create Swing GUI in a declarative and concise fashion
es6-proxy The ES2015 Proxy wraps another object and provides customisable behaviour for basic operations
array-multisort PHP's array_multisort — sorts multiple or multi-dimensional arrays
zipline a financial backtester for trading algorithms written in Python.
boost-optional A Boost C++ library that provides a container that can represent uninitialized objects of arbitrary type, notably allowing easier definition of functions that might not have a value to return
simplexmlrpcserver The SimpleXMLRPCServer module provides a basic server framework for XML-RPC servers written in Python
thai The national language of Thailand whose unique script presents various challenges when processing or rendering text.
jquery-1.5 For issues relating to using jQuery, version 1.5.
jqtree a jQuery tree widget
google-hadoop The open-source Apache Hadoop framework can be run on Google Cloud Platform for large-scale data processing, using Google Compute Engine VMs and Persistent Disks and optionally incorporating Google's …
spring-security-acl null
system.xml a set of APIs that provide support for processing XML in .NET applications.
system.printing null
vt100 a video terminal that was made by Digital Equipment Corporation
numberformatter a component of ICU - International Components for Unicode to format numbers
webresource null
weborb an Java written server developed by Midnight Coders
hunchentoot a HTTP server written in Common Lisp and at the same time a toolkit for building dynamic websites
earlgrey an iOS UI Automation Test framework by Google
asp.net-webcontrol null
cohesion null
smoothstate.js a jQuery plugin for adding page transitions.
tornado-motor a non-blocking MongoDB driver for Python Tornado applications.
geometric-arc A geometric shape that represents a segment of a circle
inotifywait inotifywait efficiently waits for changes to files using Linux's inotify interface
skype-bots Questions regarding the Skype Bots SDK .
noflo a JavaScript implementation of Flow-Based Programming , a specific type of dataflow programming, for Node.js and browser.
impromptu for questions related to jQuery Impromptu, a JavaScript alert, confirmation, and prompt extension.
wiql Work Item Query Language
signalr-core a library for ASP.NET Core developers that makes it incredibly simple to add real-time web functionality to applications.
frank Frank allows you to write structured text test/acceptance tests/requirements and have them execute against your iOS application.
fal File Abstraction Layer for TYPO3 6.x
fill-parent FILL_PARENT , is a constant describing that a view would like to be as big as its parent .
filter-driver an optional Microsoft Windows driver that extends or modifies the function of one or more devices.
dynamo-local Amazon's DynamoDB Local test tool
epicorerp a large highly customizable Enterprise Resource Planning software package written by Epicor Software Corporation Please note the v…
imdbpy a Python package useful to retrieve and manage the data of the IMDb movie database about movies, people, characters and companies.
hapi-fhir is an open source Java API for creating HL7 FHIR clients and servers.
max-heap null
nsentitydescription An NSEntityDescription object describes an entity in Apple Core Data framework
mutual-recursion a case in computer science where multiple problems that depend on each other form a cycle, like the chicken and egg problem.
neoscms a next-generation open source content management system.
ionic-cli Questions related to using the ionic command line interface to interact with ionic framework
listdir The method listdir returns a list containing the names of the entries in the directory given by path
bonfire intended to provide a kickstart for new web applications built in CodeIgniter.
boggle a word game that is played using a plastic grid of lettered dice, in which players attempt to find words in sequences of adjacent letters
blueprintjs A React UI toolkit for the web
browser-link a channel between your Visual Studio IDE and any open browser, allowing dynamic data exchange between your web application in Visual Studio and the browser
cereal A C++11 serialization library
check-constraint Check constraints in a relational database ensure that only certain values can be stored in one
cilk-plus an extension to C and C++ that improves the performance of programs on multicore processors.
cncontactstore a thread-safe class that can fetch and save contacts, groups, and containers.
document-oriented-db null
directorysearcher for question related to the DirectorySearcher .Net Framework class.
excanvas a JavaScript library for bringing the HTML5 Canvas 2D API to versions of Internet Explorer prior to version 9.
codenvy an SaaS or PaaS development environment that allows developers to create hosted environments optimized for creating, editing, compiling, testing and debugging applications authored in diffe…
craigslist a free online community for locals to buy, sell, trade, and discuss.
android-renderscript null
android-usb Questions regarding the implementation of USB communication on Android through one of the two supported modes: USB accessory or USB host.
apache-commons-email Apache Commons Email aims to provide a API for sending email
activitynotfoundexception a Java exception in the Android API that is thrown when a call to startActivity or one of its variants fails because an Activity can not be found to execute the given Intent.
android-drawer null
.net-client-profile an optimized subset of the .NET Framework targeting client applications.
powerpoint-2007 the presentation graphics software in the Microsoft 2007 Office suite
postmortem-debugging Postmortem debugging concerns debugging of programs that have already terminated.
poster Async node module for uploading local/remote files over multipart.
custom-widgets null
airwatch a mobility management solution for every device type, OS and use case
agsxmpp An SDK for the Jabber / XMPP protocol written in C#.
quickgraph an open source generic graph library .NET
valarray the class for representing and manipulating arrays of values
merb a model-view-controller web framework written in Ruby
kbuild the build system used by the Linux kernel.
microsoft-account null
mern MERN stands for Mongo, Express, React and NodeJS.
cgcontextdrawimage available in OSX and iOS which helps to draws an image into a graphics context
utorrent µTorrent is a freeware, closed source BitTorrent client owned by BitTorrent, Inc.
agile-project-management an alternative to traditional project management
ag a tool similar to ack.
ajv is one of the fastest JSON schema validators for node.js and browser
cvpixelbuffer null
alexa-slot null
aesthetics an R Library, used to The aesthetics tag …
aem-6 AEM-6 stands for Adobe Experience Manager version 6.x
apache-samza a distributed stream processing framework.
cradle A high-level, caching, CouchDB client for Node.js
dining-philosopher an example problem often used in concurrent algorithm design to illustrate synchronization issues and techniques for resolving them.
device-owner A specialized type of Android device administrator
cmtime non-opaque mutable structs representing times
characteristics null
centralized null
bytearrayinputstream a Java and Android class implementing a stream that reads data from a byte array.
bluetooth-gatt null
boilerpipe The boilerpipe library for Java provides algorithms to detect and remove the surplus around the main textual content of a web page.
konsole the terminal application that ships with KDE
intermittent Tags problems that aren't simply reproducable because they don't always occur.
ios8.2 For questions related to 8.2 version of the iOS operating system; use only when the question is specific only to the version, otherwise just use iOS tag
jenkins-blueocean the next generation user experience for Jenkins, Blue Ocean, a revamped user interface for the Jenkins CI/CD server
java.lang.class a runtime representation of classes and interfaces.
jqmobi a lightweight query selector library targeting mobile devices
jenkins-groovy null
nesc an extension to the C programming language designed to embody the structuring concepts and execution model of TinyOS.
news-ticker null
multi-master-replication null
nstouchbar An object that provides dynamic contextual controls in the Touch Bar of supported models of MacBook Pro.
mars a feature used on Microsoft's SQL Server to allow multiple batch execution on a single server
mastercard Mastercard provides a payment interface that can be used to programmatically handle payments via credit card.
mkcoordinateregion used to define a specific portion of a map in Map Kit.
modularization null
mpxj a library that provides a set of facilities to allow project information to be manipulated in Java and .NET.
intercom a paid for service that provides tools around chat, customer chat, customer engagement, and customer acquisition.
import-contacts null
http-status-code-415 HTTP status code for Unsupported Media Type
equal-heights null
extjs-stores The ExtJS Store class encapsulates a client side cache of Model objects.
dsl-tools null
feedzirra a feed library that is designed to get and update many feeds as quickly as possible
farsi is for issues relating to Persian language.
freopen freopen reopens a stream with a different file or mode.
awsiossdk The AWS SDK for iOS provides a library, code samples, and documentation for developers to build connected applications for iPad, iPhone, or iPod touch devices using Amazon Web Services.
dottrace a commercial performance profiler for .NET and .NET Core applications
libgosu a 2D game development library for the Ruby and C++ programming languages
libharu a free, cross platform, open source library for generating PDF files.
visual-studio-emulator Deploy, test and debug Android apps with our fast, free, and best-of-breed Android emulator.
no-duplicates null
slackware a free and open source Linux distribution
tinyscrollbar a jQuery plugin that renders stylized horizontal or vertical scrollbars.
titleview A custom view displayed in the center of the navigation bar when the receiver is the top item
phpcs A component of Php Code Sniffer Package, phpcs script that tokenizes PHP, JavaScript and CSS files to detect violations of a defined coding standard.
external-links null
addslashes A PHP function to add backslashes in front of each quote characters and backslash characters .
fragment-caching null
grasshopper Grasshopper provides generative modeling for Rhino and contains VB.NET, Python and C# scripting components.
deriving an instance declaration that is generated automatically in conjunction with a data or newtype declaration
jdk1.4 For issues relating to setting up or using the Java Development Kit , version 1.4.
ui-virtualization null
mogenerator Utility to easily create and maintain custom NSManagedObject subclasses for Core Data entities.
llblgen LLBLGen Pro generates a complete data-access tier and a business objects tier, utilizing powerful O/R mapping technology and a flexible task-based code generator.
image-quality null
get-wmiobject a powershell cmdlet that allows WML queries to be run against WMI objects on the local or remote computers.
rbm Restricted Boltzmann Machines, used in contemporary neural networks.
eslint-config-airbnb null
drupal-menu for topics related to the Drupal menu system.
apply-templates null
applicationpoolidentity null
pfquerytableviewcontrolle null
matlab-gui deals with questions about adding, removing or modifying interactive controls in MATLAB figures
typedescriptor null
sendmail.exe a general purpose internetwork email routing facility that supports many kinds of mail-transfer and delivery methods, including the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol used for email tran…
vim-fugitive Git integration for the Vim editor
ng-template null
atmosphere.js the repository for Meteor packages.
qbs a tool that helps simplify the build process for developing projects across multiple platforms.
couchdb-python a Python library for interfacing with the document-oriented, CouchDB NoSQL database.
cornerstone a Subversion client application for the Mac that has a full range of features including traditional Subversion functions and a built in diff tool
linaro null
netbios an acronym for Network Basic Input/Output System
netbeans-7.1 A specific version of Netbeans IDE
fsync The fsync system call causes all modified data and attributes associated to a given file descriptor to be moved to a permanent storage device.
blaze a NumPy/Pandas like interface to data analytics developed by Continuum Analytics.
wufoo a web-based service that aims to make data collection via web-based forms easy for individuals and businesses.
databags a global variable that is stored as JSON data and is accessible from a Chef Server
language-comparisons Questions comparing two or more programming or markup languages against each other.
clonenode The Node.cloneNode method returns a duplicate of the node on which this method was called.
amazon-lightsail Virtual Private Server platform from Amazon Web Services
app-bundle Questions related to OS X or iOS `.app` files, particularly their creation
next-generation-plugin The next-generation Java Plug-In, introduced in Java SE 6 Update 10, provides powerful new capabilities to applets in the web browser, while improving the overall reliability and functionality of appl…
pyes a connector to use elasticsearch from python.
doclet Doclet programs work with the Javadoc tool to generate documentation from code written in Java.
overflow-menu null
output-redirect null
page-jump A page jump refers to the sudden change in the scroll position of the document that's loaded in a browser.
perforce-integrate A process of merging or overwriting changes from one branch to another
open-with Most operating systems have an option when browsing the filesystem to open a specific file with an application that the user chooses
octopus a framework for database sharding with Ruby on Rails' ActiveRecord.
pptp The Point-to-Point Tunneling Protocol is a method for implementing virtual private networks
postal Postal lets you create emails using regular ASP.NET MVC views.
phonetics a branch of linguistics that comprises the study of the sounds of human speech, or—in the case of sign languages—the equivalent aspects of sign.
pheatmap A package for drawing pretty heatmaps in R.
quantreg an R package that provides tools for estimation and inference of models of conditional quantiles.
quasar Lightweight threads, actors and channels for the JVM http://docs.paralleluniverse.co/quasar/
r2winbugs an R package that interfaces with the WinBUGS and OpenBUGS Gibbs samplers.
rowlocking Row locking refers to when a database record is updated and the SQL engine locks the row to ensure referential integrity
scriptresource.axd null
video-tracking Tracking a moving object or feature in video input.
version-numbering null
volttron an open source agent development and deployment platform designed to enable researchers to interact with devices and appliances without having to write drivers themselves
visjs null
web-technologies an umbrella term under which browser-based APIs, which are not part of the DOM, but which expose capabilities of the browser or the devices they run on
winrt-component Windows Runtime Component and WinRT Component Libraries are concepts related to language runtime interoperability in Windows Runtime - the modern development platform for Windows and typically used in…
twitpic a website that allows users to post pictures to the Twitter microblogging service.
unrealscript Script language used for Unreal Tournament games and the Unreal Development Kit
taskfactory used to create and schedule Task objects in the .Net framework.
synth the name of a Look-and-Feel in Java Swing
template-strings null
stringreader null
string-pool A string pool allows a runtime to save memory by preserving immutable strings in a pool, so that instances of common strings can be reused throughout the application instead of creating multiple insta…
sql-subselect null
spotipy a lightweight Python library for the Spotify Web API
sprint a set period of time during which specific work has to be completed and made ready for review
spanned The Android interface for text that has markup objects attached to ranges of it.
spatial-interpolation Estimating new data points based on existing spatial observations
spynner a stateful programmatic web browser module for Python with Javascript/AJAX support based upon the QtWebKit framework
slrequest The SLRequest object encapsulates the properties of an HTTP request, providing a convenient template for you to make requests
successor-arithmetics Successor arithmetics, in Prolog also known as s-notation or s-numbers, is an encoding of the natural numbers based on Peano Axioms
symphony-cms an XSLT-powered, open source content management system/framework built in PHP that enables users to create and manage websites and web applications of all shapes and sizes
tizen-emulator One can run Tizen native applications on the Emulator using the Project Explorer view or the Tizen IDE menu.
timeline.js an interactive visualization chart to visualize events in time
webdriverjs JavaScript driver for selenium test automation.
visualbrush null
vanity-url Vanity urls generally refers to those which are devoid of characters like %,&, and extensions like .html,.php, .asp etc and are
sdl-mixer a sample multi-channel audio mixer library
robolectric-gradle-plugin a plugin for Gradle that allows Android Gradle builds to run Robolectric style tests.
readxl import Excel files into R
rational-rsa an Eclipse-based UML modelling tool made by IBM/Rational.
refer null
reentrant a function that can be called multiple time, regardless of whether the function is still on the stack , while producing consistent and expected results.
rfc2445 The RFC defines iCalendar and has been obsoleted by RFC5545 on sept 2009.
physijs Physics plugin for JavaScript 3D library three.js
pre-compilation null
primefaces-mobile a UI kit to implement JSF pages that are optimized for mobile devices with a native look and feel.
oracle-service-bus a fundamental component of Oracle's Services-Oriented Architecture that provides a loosely-coupled framework for inter-application messaging
oracle-adf-mobile A Java & HTML5 Based Framework for Developing Mobile Applications
page-index-changed PageIndexChanged occurs when one of the pager buttons is clicked, but after the GridView control handles the paging operation
dockpanel-suite an open source library that extends the .NET WinForms API to support forms that can be interactively docked by a user to customise their application UI layout.
react-on-rails null
fedora-21 Version 21 of the Fedora Linux distribution.
angular-templatecache gulp-angular-templatecache - Concatenates and registers AngularJS templates in the $templateCache.
autocloseable an interface which, when implemented by a class, can be used in the try-with-resources Statement
cllocationdistance Part of the Core Location Data Types
lavalamp a jQuery navigation menu which exhibits the nifty effect of a lava lamp
xcode-project xcode project settings and project file issues, including code-signing, build configurations, etc
xml-nil About XML nil attributes
code-conventions guidelines of what a developer should and shouldn't do when producing code
django-nose Django test runner that uses nose.
wxformbuilder a cross-platform tool that provides a visual interface for designing GUI applications using the wxWidgets toolkit
compact-framework2.0 null
disconnected null
wxtextctrl a text control in wxWidgets that allows text to be displayed and edited
data-masking a method of protecting or hiding data with random characters, such as the mask used on a password entry field.
data-layers null
couchdb-2.0 Use couchdb-2.0 for questions specific to the 2.0 major release of CouchDB and its minor releases.
styledtext a customizable widget that can be used to display and edit text with different colors and font styles.
stty Command in Unix/Linux systems that allows you to set and print options for your terminal.
pugjs the Github organization which creates the Node.js templating library.
testbed a platform for experimentation of large development projects
attiny a range of programmable 8-bit AVR microcontrollers by Atmel.
ipfs a distributed/P2P content- and identity-addressed hypermedia distribution protocol.
firemonkey-fm3 a platform for building multi-device, true native apps for iOS, Windows and Mac, using a single codebase
firebug-lite a bookmarklet port of the Firebug extension
firebird-embedded Variant of the Firebird database client library that also includes the database server, packed into a single dll or so file
firebase-polymer For questions involving the Polymer library's interface with the Firebase API — typically via the firebase-collection or firebase-document Polymer elements
forced-unwrapping null
forall define rank-n and existentially quantified types or to use scoped type variables
flymake a minor editing mode for Emacs that performs on-the-fly syntax checks on the contents of your current buffer as you edit it, highlighting errors and warnings against the lines they occur on…
apprtc null
arm7 an older generation of ARM processor designs.
nsmutableset The NSMutableSet class declares the programmatic interface to a mutable, unordered collection of distinct objects.
r-bigmemory an R package refers to the suite of bigmemory packages that allow for creating, storin…
jquery-ui-widget-factory a simple and reusable base on which all of jQuery UI's widgets and interactions are built.
r-dbi an R package providing a common interface to several databases .
wow.js a JavaScript plugin that reveals animations when you scroll.
cherokee a fast, flexible and easy to configure Web Server.
oozie-workflow null
request.form null
mips64 null
openstack-heat Openstack Orchestration Component
mongorepository A .NET library that provides access and usage of MongoDB
jboss-esb a Java based, open source, Enterprise Service Bus.
tsvector null
sbteclipse Plugin for sbt to create Scala IDE for Eclipse project definitions.
convert-tz Convert from one timezone to another
vscode-tasks null
mainclass null
id3-tag a type of metadata container used to store information about an MP3 file within the audio file itself.
graph-layout null
seekg null
forwarding-reference A forwarding reference refers to a reference type that may either be an lvalue reference or an rvalue reference depending on its initializer
braintree-sandbox only for issues related to the Braintree sand-boxing system for other question use the generic braintree tag.
xsd-1.0 when your XSD question pertains particularly to XSD 1.0, especially in cases where your XSD processor only supports XSD 1.0
xrandr a configuration utility to the RandR X Window System extension
x-ray a web scraping library for Node.js
ssh-keygen null
ape a full-featured open source solution designed for Ajax push
prefix-operator A prefix operator immediately precedes its operand, as in −x.
primary-key-design null
sqlproj Database development project extenstion created by Visual Studio, a Windows software development IDE; stores the schema of the database and can include SQL source code; used for creating databases for…
tinyioc a .NET-based Inversion of Control container for small projects & libraries.
android-implicit-intent An implicit intent specifies an action that can invoke any app on the device able to perform the action
sles SLES stands for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server
gtksourceview a portable C library that extends the standard GTK+ framework.
gtkbuilder null
mochiweb an Erlang library for building lightweight HTTP servers.
luke a development and diagnostic tool, which accesses already existing Lucene indexes and allows you to display and modify their content.
soundjs A Javascript library that provides a simple API, and powerful features to make working with audio a breeze
splines piecewise-defined.
sigmoid a mathematical function having an shape
dstu2-fhir null
eaaccessory Subjects related to Apple iOS EAAccessory programming.
extreme-programming an Agile Software Development Methodology created by Kent Beck
export-to-word null
hints null
gnu-prolog an ISO compliant Prolog dialect developed by Daniel Diaz
mscapi The Cryptographic Application Programming Interface is an application programming interface included with Microsoft Windows operating systems that provides services to enable developers to s…
multifile null
marshalbyrefobject MarshalByRefObject Class enables access to objects across application domain boundaries in applications that support remoting.
maxent Software library based on the maximum-entropy approach for species habitat modeling
nsmetadataquery The NSMetadataQuery class encapsulates the functionality provided by the MDQuery opaque type for querying the Spotlight metadata.
obex an abbreviation of OBject EXchange, also termed IrOBEX
object-database null
multi-layer null
josso a Java EE, open source, single sign-on solution capable of providing user authentication and authorization for web applications.
key-generator null
laravel-form Laravel component for generating HTML elements
libvpx a package, from the WebM project, that provides the reference implementations of the VP8 Codec, used in most current html5 video, and of the next-generation VP9 Codec.
lookaround a general term that collectively refers to features that can scan ahead or behind the current match position without changing the match position.
businessworks TIBCO ActiveMatrix BusinessWorks
carrier null
cfchart in ColdFusion to display a bar, pie, line, or other applicable type of chart.
crafter-cms A content management system from Crafter Software
codex null
comparevalidator null
apache-coccoon a Java web application framework built around pipeline, separation of concerns and component-based web development.
apple-music a music streaming service created by Apple Inc.
alarms null
eip The name of the register holding the address of the next machine instruction, in 32-bit x86 assembly language.
alternating null
package-explorer a view that shows the files belonging to a project.
utf-32 a character encoding that represents all Unicode code points in four bytes per character.
digg null
rootviewcontroller null
messageformat Java's MessageFormat class and related utilities enable Java developers to construct localized property files and generate localized output.
sunstudio Oracle Developer Studio, formerly Oracle Solaris Studio, Sun Studio, Forte, & Sun Workshop, includes compilers for C, C++, and Fortran; an IDE and debugger; performance and code analyzers; and other t…
surround null
iverilog a compiler that translates Verilog source code into executable programs for simulation, or other netlist formats for further processing.
itunes-sdk Questions about the iTunes SDK COM interface for interacting with the iTunes application.
cgsize The data structure CGSize represents the dimensions of width and height.
gameboy The Game Boy was the first portable console released by Nintendo
elastalert Copied from http://elastalert.readthedocs.org/en/latest/elastalert.html: ElastAlert is a simple framework for alerting on anomalies, spikes, or other patterns of interest from data in Elasticsearch.
adp Access Data Projects provided a lightweight front end to to Microsoft SQL Server with Access versions from 2000 to 2010
alpacajs Alpaca allows you to generate interactive HTML5 forms based for web and mobile applications
architectural-patterns a general, reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software architecture within a given context.
compatibility-mode a software mechanism in which a software emulates an older version of software in order to allow obsolete software or files to remain compatible with the computer's newer hardw…
execl a C library function which is used to replace the current process image with a new process image
cowplot a simple add-on to ggplot2
cordova-ios an iOS application library that allows for Cordova-based projects to be built for the iOS Platform
cookiecutter-django a framework for jumpstarting production-ready Django projects quickly.
d3.js-v4 a small, open-source JavaScript data visualization library for manipulating HTML, SVG, and CSS documents based on data
cypress Cypress, an all-in-one testing framework, assertion library, with mocking and stubbing
dateformatter null
databinder null
certificatestore store certificates, often in categories based on usage.
c1flexgrid ComponentOne FlexGrid™ for WinForms incorporates the latest in data-binding technology and integrates seamlessly with the Microsoft.NET Framework
email-confirmation null
lightning Questions about the Lightning extension to Mozilla Thunderbird
jzmq the java bindings for the ZeroMQ transport layer
jpl A Java Interface to Prolog.
jfugue an open-source library for programming music for Java and JVM languages.
iseries-navigator The iSeries Navigator is system management software made by IBM for their IBM i platform.
iso-15693 a series of ISO standards for vicinity coupling RFID systems.
ispconfig an open source hosting control panel for Linux, licensed under BSD license and developed by the company ISPConfig UG.
materialdrawer a flexible, easy to use, all in one drawer library for your Android project.
mprotect null
mod-fastcgi an Apache module providing support for the FastCGI protocol.
gmaps.js gmaps.js allows you to use the potential of Google Maps in a simple way
gemset null
graphical-layout-editor a tool used to visually design and build an Android user interface.
hmmlearn a scikit-learn offspring implementing unsupervised learning and inference in Hidden Markov Models.
htmlelements a Java framework providing easy-to-use way of interaction with web-page elements in ui web tests.
import-module a powershell cmdlet that adds modules to the current session.
iexpress Windows utility to create self-extracting setup files
icenium Icenium enables you to use your skills in HTML, CSS and JavaScript to develop, test, and publish applications that run natively on the Apple iOS and Google Android mobi…
eunit a Lightweight Unit Testing Framework for Erlang
dynamictype a type that the compiler does not resolve; resolution of dynamic types is deferred until runtime.
dynatrace a set of tools for Application Performance Management which provides monitoring of hosts, processes and their interconnections as well as deep code-level insight into performance me…
edititemtemplate null
gcj the GNU compiler for the Java programming language
formvalidation.io A jQuery plugin to validate form fields
flume-twitter null
fixnum The Ruby Fixnum class.
splint a lint implementation, i.e
wmd-editor known as PageDown
sonarlint-eclipse an extension that provides on-the-fly feedback to developers on new bugs and quality issues injected into their code.
ltpa LTPA - Lightweight Third-Party Authentication is a IBM provided mechanism to achieve Single Sign-On between IBM WebSphere servers and Lotus Domino servers
lumberjack an open source project available on Github which aims to be a logging framework for iPhone and Mac.
pivot-chart a method of summarizing data in diagram form
skphysicsjoint An SKPhysicsJoint object connects two physics bodies together so that they are simulated together by the physics world
officedev used for any MS Office related development
primality-test an algorithm for determining whether an input number is prime.
flask-peewee A flask web framework extension that provides a layer of integration between flask and the peewee orm.
mailman a Python-based open-source platform for managing email lists and discussion groups.
google-managed-vm Google App Engine Flexible Environments let you run Google App Engine applications on configurable Google Compute Engine VMs
javacompiler an interface used to invoke Java programming language compilers from programs
scalate a Scala based template engine for generating text and markup using the following template formats: Mustache, Scaml, Jade, and SSP.
system-error null
design-guidelines null
dmz a physical or logical subnetwork that contains and exposes an organization's external-facing services to a larger and untrusted network, usually the Internet.
facebook-graph-api-v2.2 Facebook Graph API v2.2 builds on v2.1 with a number of improvements — particularly for apps that manage Pages — and includes one of the most-requested features by these apps: the ability to programma…
jdi a high level Java API providing information useful for debuggers and similar systems needing access to the running state of a virtual machine.
file-mapping null
minimized one that has been replaced with an object that can restore the original when selected.
image-registration null
bcmath a binary calculator for PHP which supports numbers of any size and precision, represented as strings.
pys60 Python on Symbian Series 60
google-weather-api have its own weather API
gorilla-toolkit a web toolkit for the Go programming language.
joined-subclass a mapping strategy in Hibernate and NHibernate that is also known as .
pdfview a Macintosh object that encapsulates the functionality of PDFKit and which can be dropped into an interface using Xcode's Interface Builder.
mappoint both a technology and a specific software program created by Microsoft that allows users to view, edit and integrate m…
google-assist-api null
loggly a cloud-based log management service.
c-api null
can-bus a networking technology typically used in cars and other vehicles
mud MUDs are a broad category of multi-user virtual world systems -- usually text-based, usually…
django-modeladmin null
coda-slider a jQuery content slider developed in 2007, allowing the animated transitioning of HTML page elements.
axon a Java application framework for implementing software using the CQRS principles.
wso2iot WSO2 Internet of Things Server
jsr310 JSR 310: Date and Time API in Java JDK 8
database-connectivity null
statusstrip display information useful to end-users.
static-resource null
statet an Eclipse based IDE for R.
enquire.js A lightweight, pure JavaScript library for responding to CSS media queries.
ensime the ENhanced Scala Interaction Mode for Emacs
language-concepts to ask about how a particular idea is implemented in language X or how to understand a basic part of the language.
telegram-webhook null
fedora-23 Questions related to fedora release 23 should use this tag.
amazon-linux a supported and maintained Linux image provided by Amazon Web Services for use on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud .
odk an open-source suite of tools that helps organizations author, field, and manage mobile data collection solutions.
react-native-scrollview null
react-transition-group null
azure-storage-emulator Tool to emulate locally instances of the Blob, Queue, and Table services that are available in Windows Azure.
documentfragment a lightweight container that can hold DOM nodes
openglcontext An OpenGL context represents all of the state associated with an instance of OpenGL
resharper-9.0 null
qnetworkrequest The QNetworkRequest class, part of the Qt framework, holds a request to be sent with QNetworkAccessManager.
roaming Roaming helps ensure that a traveling wireless device is kept connected to a network without breaking the connection.
scala-template null
selectmanycheckbox JSF tag to create a checkbox group.
web-setup-project null
windows-container null
trust-zone For question related to implementing and interfacing TrustZone secure and normal world software and the monitor mode that brokers them.
uipresentationcontroller Introduced in iOS 8, UIPresentationControllers allow you to control the during a custom view controller transition.
uikeyboardtype The type of keyboard to display for a given text-based view in iOS.
text-justify a CSS property which can be used to specify the text justification method when using text-align: justify.
soft-references very similar to a weak reference, except that it is less eager to throw away the object to which it refers
simpleaudioengine a library, providing support for basic audio functions
srgb sRGB refers to the sRGB color space used in digital imaging
sparqlwrapper a SPARQL Endpoint interface to Python
spring-config Refers to the org.springframework.context.annotation package of the Spring Framework that moves bean definition and Spring configuration out of XML file and into Java classes via annotations.
spray-client Spray-client provides high-level HTTP client functionality by adding another logic layer on top of the relatively basic spray-can HTTP Client APIs
sql-types null
spss-modeler null
simplecov a code coverage tool for Ruby 1.9+.
text-styling null
synchronized-block null
time-limiting null
tigase an open source collection of XMPP/Jabber software implemented in Java.
tph a terminology that is used in Entity Framework as inheritance strategy to model the entities.
webexception null
wcf-callbacks null
schemaless null
r-leaflet This R package makes it easy to integrate and control the open-source JavaScript Leaflet software in R.
ocmockito an Objective-C implementation of Mockito, supporting creation, verification and stubbing of mock objects.
oracle-soa Oracle-soa stands for Oracle SOA Suite, an application integration and SOA solution by Oracle
peripherals null
probe null
python-interactive null
pingdom Relating to the use of Pingdom services and/or their associated ReSTful API and API bindings
backbarbuttonitem null
azure-vpn null
angular-aot null
angular-component-router null
laravel-pagination Using pagination in Laravel Framework
amazon-rekognition Amazon Rekognition provides image analysis as a service
fedora20 Version 20 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
leadfoot a JavaScript client library that brings cross-platform consistency to the Selenium WebDriver API.
xcode8-beta6 Xcode 8 beta 6 was a pre-release version of Xcode 8 released on August 15, 2016.
xtratreelist a comprehensive WinForms TreeView and ListView control by DevExpress.
bjyauthorize User role module for Zend Framework 2
propertyeditor null
ms-project-server-2010 Microsoft Project Server - Project management system
disk-io Input/Output operations involving local persistent storage.
linkageerror In Java, subclasses of LinkageError indicate that a class has some dependency on another class; however, the latter class has incompatibly changed after the compilation of the former class.
stylish a multi-browser extension that allows you to customize web pages by injecting CSS styles.
structured-array Numpy structured arrays allow for inhomogenous datatypes to be stored in a single numpy array
publish-profiles null
puppetlabs-apache an official module for Puppet.
http-conduit A haskell HTTP client library using conduits
log4js-node a logging framework for Node.js.
ngrx-store-4.0 null
goodness-of-fit Goodness of fit tests indicate whether or not it is reasonable to assume that a random sample comes from a specific distribution.
goo.gl URL shortening service from Google
urlrewriter.net The open source URL rewriter for ASP.NET from urlrewriter.net
markov-models null
view-source an URL scheme that will display the source code of an url.
viewmodellocator null
viewhelper null
focuslistener A Listener object that reacts to the change-of-focus on a GUI component.
maven-install-plugin used during the install phase to add artifact to the local repository.
apprtcdemo a opensource demo project provided by google webrtc team.
symfony-components standalone classes which implement common features
boosting the process of enhancing the relevancy of a document or field
stringdist an R package that implements an approximate string matching version of R's native 'match' function
rcs a revision control system allowing teams to share and update code cooperatively and review and resolve version conflicts
wpa-supplicant a WPA Supplicant for Linux, BSD, Mac OS X, and Windows with support for WPA and WPA2
reporting-services-2012 a comprehensive, highly scalable solution that empowers real-time decision making.
ggbiplot A biplot based on ggplot2.
git-alias With aliases, you can avoid typing the same commands over and over again
ghost.py a webkit client written in Python, it provides people making a Python based application to access web applications.
file-monitoring null
hamming-code Refers to a class of linear error-correcting data encoding schemes, but is often used to refer to the specific scheme Hamming invented in 1950 by Richard W
web-analytics-tools Web analytics software and methodology
mongodb-update Modifies an existing document or documents in a collection.
money-rails money-rails provides integration of the money gem with Ruby on Rails.
date-sorting null
nrepl a networked Clojure REPL: it provides a server and client, along with some common APIs of use to IDEs and other tools that may need to evaluate Clojure code in remote environments
dbm a simple UNIX database format
unity-interception an IOC/DI framework from the Microsoft Enterprise Patterns and Practices Library
unmanaged-memory null
magento-1.9.2.1 an open-source content management system for e-commerce web sites
ui-calendar A complete AngularJS directive for the Arshaw FullCalendar.
scriptella an open source ETL and script execution tool written in Java.
webkitgtk the new GTK+ port of the WebKit, an open-source web content engine that powers numerous applications such as web browsers, email clients, feed readers, web and text editors.
preloadjs A JavaScript library that lets you manage and coordinate the loading of assets
sqlitemanager null
mouse-hook null
mp4box null
xperf a tool from Windows SDK to control event tracing via designated Windows facility called ETW
ole-automation a Microsoft COM based technology that allows one application to control another via an exposed public interface.
nodevalue In DOM, the nodeValue property sets or gets the node value of the specified node
soaplite null
genexus-sd GeneXus Generator - Creates Android, iOS, and Windows 8 apps.
compound-index null
dynamic-image-generation Generating images programmatically such as thumbnails, snapshots, graphics
liblinear A library for large linear classification
wkwebviewconfiguration null
specrun an integration test runner for SpecFlow.
nativescript-angular null
shortcut-key a finite set of one or more keys that invoke a software or operating system operation when triggered by the user.
g1 a generational, partially-concurrent and parallel garbage collection algorithm
frisby.js REST API Testing framework for Node.js
dynamic-usercontrols Programmatically created instances of any server control
edit-and-continue a feature of Microsoft Visual Studio that enables you to make changes to your source code while your program is in break mode.
expandablerecyclerview an Android library to allow for an expanded view to be attached to each ViewHolder.
endlessscroll Endlessscroll has been called autopagerize, unpaginate, endless pages.
ibm-odm IBM's Business Rule Management System which is the successor of Ilog Jrules
ifc an open standard in civil engineering used to describe building and construction industry data.
iframe-resizer a JavaScript library that resizes iframes to their contained content
html-safe null
gwtbootstrap3 a GWT wrapper for the Bootstrap front-end framework version 3.
gobject-introspection a middleware layer between C GObject libraries and language bindings
google-maps-engine API that allows developers to use Google Maps in their applications to create maps out of Google's location databases.
mknetworkkit a MacOS & iOS networking framework that automatically takes care of caching responses and remembers operations when the client is offline.
mkdirs null
mlt an open source multimedia framework, designed and developed for television broadcasting
mpmediaitemcollection a sorted set of media items from the iPod library
namecheap null
objectarx AutoDesk AutoCAD API to write 3rd party tools for AutoCAD
nsformatter an abstract class that declares an interface for objects that create, interpret, and validate the textual representation of cell contents
no-cache A Cache-Control response directive in the HTTP header
n-layer for questions related to the development of application using a N-Layer architecture.
justgage a JavaScript plugin for generating and animating gauges cleanly
linter null
loc For questions concerning Lines of Code.
major-upgrade null
cmsamplebufferref null
chaplinjs an architecture for JavaScript applications using the Backbone.js library
chained-payments a payment from a sender that is indirectly split among multiple receivers
clients null
bunny an easy to use RabbitMQ Ruby client.
border-image null
bluesnap Questions tagged with bluesnap could be questions regarding one of the BlueSnap APIs, BlueSnap Virtual Terminal, BuyNow pages or Marketplace setup.
azure-sdk for questions that has to do with the several SDKs and command-line tools, provided my Microsoft Azure.
debugdiag designed to assist in troubleshooting issues such as hangs, slow performance, memory leaks or fragmentation, and crashes in any user-mode process
ember-controllers null
apple-touch-icon an iOS-specific custom kind of icon which users can display on their Home screens using the `Web Clip` feature
appcompat-v7-r21 appcompat-v7 Android Support Library starting from r21 provides emulation of Material Design for AppBar and several widgets.
android-color null
povray a free open-source ray-tracing program which accepts a scene description in a textual programming-like language and renders an image with lighting, shadows, reflections, refraction and othe…
agiletoolkit a PHP framwework
ora-06550 You tried to compile a block of PLSQL code, but a compilation error occurred.
suhosin an advanced protection system for PHP installations
bundle-install null
custom-pages null
quickreports a set of VCL components for reporting in C++ Builder or Delphi.
ektorp a persistence API that uses CouchDB as storage engine.
adserver null
apache-beam-io null
apple-developer null
compiled-query a .NET helper class for the Entity Framework, which enables compilation of of database queries for better performance.
cunit Anything related to CUnit, a unit testing framework for C programs.
csquery a complete CSS selector engine, HTML parser, and jQuery port for C# and .NET 4+
contention Questions about any type of resource contention
deap an evolutionary computation framework for rapid prototyping and testing of ideas
delicious-api a social bookmarking web service with a focus on tagging
dl4j the first commercial-grade, open-source, distributed deep-learning library written for Java and Scala
baidu a Chinese web services provider that offers APIs for cloud-based storage and application testing, in-app ads, location-based services, analytics, search and others.
borrowing null
bosun an open-source, MIT licensed, monitoring and alerting system by Stack Exchange
business-process a collection of related, structured activities or tasks that produce a specific service or product for a particular customer or custo…
caliper Google's open-source framework for writing, running and viewing the results of Java microbenchmarks.
checkboxfor null
embedded-documents null
cake-pattern a Scala dependency injection solution that uses only native language features, without any framework support.
lossless a class of data compression algorithms that allows the original data to be perfectly reconstructed from the compressed data.
keyboard-input null
korma a Clojure DSL wrapping common SQL database manipulation functions.
kohana-auth The Kohana Auth module provides an easy-to-use API for basic website authentication and authorization
known-types a mechanism to allow information about derived types to be included in a data contract for serialization purposes.
kpi key performance indicator - measures if application in development or team uses to gauge or compare performance in terms of meeting some requirements.
jscolor a simple color picker for HTML forms.
internalsvisibleto An attribute in .NET to expose members marked as internal to selected assemblies.
nn To refer to neural networks
nme a free, open-source framework that enables development for iOS, Android, webOS, BlackBerry, Windows, Mac, Linux and Flash Player from a single codebase.
nodegit a collection of non-blocking Node.js libgit2 bindings, raw api, convenience api, unit tests, documentation and accomodations to make contributing easier.
multi-factor Use for questions about multi-factor authentication
mate a tag-based, event-driven Flex framework.
mathematica-frontend Programming the FrontEnd Notebook interface component of Wolfram Mathematica
management-studio-express Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio Express is the freely downloadable version of Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio, a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all component…
memcheck the dynamic memory error detector tool present in Valgrind framework
member-initialization null
google-cloud-shell a shell environment for managing resources hosted on Google Cloud Platform.
git-patch null
ibm-data-studio IBM® Data Studio provides foundational database development and administration support for the DB2 and Informix family of products
hibernate.cfg.xml the name of the default config file used by Hibernate.
ibpy Python wrappers for Java API of Interactive Brokers electronic trading platform.
info-plist null
gadfly plotting package for the Julia programming language.
formatted null
fixed-data-table a React component for building and presenting data in a flexible, powerful way
falcor Netflix JavaScript library for efficient data fetching.
fabrication-gem a fixture replacement library for Ruby.
bimap associative data structure where keys and values can switch their roles.
mysql-error-1242 Error 1242: Subquery returns more than 1 row
incanter a Clojure-based, R-like platform for statistical computing and graphics.
wmf A Windows metafile consists of a collection of records that can store an image
libiconv null
gen-tcp a module in Erlang that provides functions for TCP/IP communication.
toolstripdropdown null
top-command Unix/Linux utility providing a .
cldc Connected Limited Device Configuration is a specification of a framework for Java ME applications
node-orm2 An Object Relation Mapping for node.js
node-xmpp null
slicknav Responsive Mobile Menu Plugin for jQuery
slam for code related to SLAM
xpo a DevExpress ORM library for .NET.
sqlobject a powerful ORM for Python
grid.mvc Grid.Mvc adds functionality for creating GridView controls in your ASP.NET MVC 3/4 web application.
kingfisher A lightweight, pure-Swift library for downloading and caching images from the web.
universal-reference A universal reference refers to a reference type that may either be an lvalue reference or an rvalue reference depending on its initializer
scala-swing The scala.swing package provides a collection of thin wrappers around Java Swing classes.
scala-quasiquotes shipped in the official Scala distribution as part of scala-reflect.jar
javafx-css style a UI created with JavaFX
javapns a Java library to send notifications through the Apple Push Notification Service
autosar AUTOSAR is an open and standardized automotive software architecture, jointly developed by automobile manufacturers, suppliers and tool developers.
css-hack a technique which uses implementation bugs in the style sheet parser of a browser family or a particular version of a browser to identify it and apply specific CSS properties, usually…
umbraco-contour a paid-for optional forms package add-on for Umbraco
hibernate-cascade null
hiccup a library for representing HTML in Clojure
simplexml-load-string null
jboss-developer-studio IDE provided by Red Hat
theforeman a open source project that gives system administrators the power to easily automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy applications, and proactively manage servers, on-premises or in the cloud.
gflags a commandline flags library used within Google
jquery-ui-timepicker jQuery timepicker plugin created by Jon Thornton, inspired by Google Calendar.
jquery-terminal a plugin for creating command line interpreters in your applications.
onrestoreinstancestate null
zero-copy describes computer operations in which the CPU does not perform the task of copying data from one memory area to another.
deform a Python HTML form generation library
nsstatusbar The NSStatusBar class defines an object that manages a collection of NSStatusItem objects displayed within the system-wide menu bar.
aries The Aries project consists of a set of pluggable Java components enabling an enterprise OSGi application programming model.
dropnet A .NET Client Library for the Dropbox API
xfs a scalable, high performance journaling file system from Silicon Graphics, later ported to Linux.
app-offline.htm the name of an html file that can be used to put an asp.net based website offline.
applicationdomain null
osqa an open source question-answer system written in Python with Django
maven-metadata used to store versioning information about Maven artifacts
mariasql A node.js binding to MariaDB's non-blocking client library
sencha-touch-2.2 a multi mobile device javascript library based on HTML5 and the Model, View, Controller pattern
logfile-analysis The act of analyzing `logfiles` using methods such as, but not limited to: `parsing` and `deciphering`, etc.
firebird-3.0 For questions specific to Firebird 3.0
ipopt Ipopt is a software package for large-scale nonlinear optimization
parameterized-unit-test null
setbounds a method that resizes swing components
rails-3.1 null
railsapps Questions and answers about applications from the RailsApps open source project.
couchbase-java-api The Java language client API for Couchbase databases, both versions 1 and 2.
pyttsx a Python package supporting common text-to-speech engines on Mac OS X, Windows, and Linux.
qeventloop The QEventLoop class, part of the Qt framework, provides a means of entering and leaving an event loop.
qcompleter a class from the Qt toolkit which provides completions based on an item model.
discretization Discretization concerns the process of transferring continuous models and equations into discrete counterparts
datagridviewrow Represents one row in DataGridView
data-members In Object Oriented Programming, data members are the data contained by the object
vcredist Visual C++ Redistributable files set
qtchart QT Charts provide Polar and Boxplot charts and some API enhancements.
qtoolbar The QToolBar class, part of the Qt framework, provides a movable panel that acts as a container for a set of controls.
propertydescriptor null
azcopy Command line utility which allows to upload or download files between Windows Azure Blob Storage and local file system
xz a lossless data compression program and file format which incorporates the LZMA/LZMA2 compression algorithms
xcuitest Apple's XCUITest framework for UI Testing on iOS and Mac OS.
xcconfig null
worker-thread null
zend-tool a command line utility for managing Zend Framework 2 Applications
wacom a company that produces graphics tablets and related products.
react-vr React VR lets you build VR apps using only JavaScript
waitforsingleobject null
pmap null
printk a function that prints messages and is used in the C Programming Language exclusively for the Linux Kernel
parsexml the process of analyzing a string of symbols, with the intention of extracting data from it
partial-postback null
ord a function in Python and PHP, which returns an ASCII code point of a given character .
ocamllex a Lexer generator for OCaml
rjsonio an R package that allows conversion to and from data in Javascript object notation format
set-returning-functions Database functions possibly returning more than one row
server-response null
servermanager null
ranking-functions Ranking functions return a ranking value for each row in a partition
respond.js a jQuery plugin that provides tools for building performance-optimized, mobile-first responsive websites
webharvest Open Source Web Data Extraction tool written in Java.
woodstox Tag for questions related to Woodstox XML processor
video-card A video card, display card, graphics card, or graphics adapter is an expansion card which generates a feed of output images to a display.
vmc Cloud Foundry's command-line interface.
unsafemutablepointer null
updatesourcetrigger null
uncheck null
unet short form of unity networking .Use this tag to ask question related to Unity3d networking.
symmetric-key null
subsampling null
tarantool a Lua application server with a built-in database
sitecore7.1 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
sizer the method of choice to define the layout of controls in containers in a GUI because of their ability to create visually appealing frames or dialogs independent of the platform, taking into …
stardog Questions related the Stardog RDF database.
sparse-checkout A working copy of version controlled code which doesn't include the whole repository.
spreadsheetml Part of the Office Open XML specification ECMA-376
spring-boot-gradle-plugin The Spring Boot Gradle Plugin provides Spring Boot support in Gradle, allowing you to package executable jar or war archives, run Spring Boot applications and use the dependency management provided by…
stagewebview a new API that allows AIR developers to embed HTML content in their mobile applications, and to render it using the platform’s native HTML rendering engine.
templavoila Templating engine for the TYPO3 content management system
svnserve svnserve allows access to Subversion repositories using Subversion's custom network protocol.
tie Perl command to hide an object class in a simple variable
visual-styles a user interface customization technology introduced in Windows XP and substantially expanded in Windows Vista to cover common Windows controls
usermanager null
renjin an R language interpreter for statistical computing that runs on a Java Virtual Machine .
reserved usable only in a pre-determined way
riotjs a javascript library
return-by-reference null
remote-execution null
qnap a Taiwanese corporation that specializes in providing networked solutions for file sharing, virtualization, storage management and surveillance applications to address corporate, SMB, SOHO and…
qoq used to re-query the result of one or more original queries.
qpython3 a port of Python3 for android
selectionmodel Abstract class used by UI controls to provide a consistent API for maintaining selection
rowversion null
rpyc A transparent python library for symmetrical remote procedure calls, clustering and distributed-computing.
openfoam A free, open source computational fluid dynamics software
openfaces an open-source library of AJAX-powered JSF components, an Ajax framework and a client-side validation framework.
onmeasure null
oracle-golden-gate a heterogenous real-time data integration product
psi a managed code API for MS Project Server exposed as asmx webservices in Project Server 2007 and as WCF and asmx services under Project Server 2010 and 2013
pipenv For questions related to Python's pipenv dependency management tool.
posix-ere the regex flavor used by the UNIX/Linux egrep command.
vwdexpress null
pyjnius a Python library for accessing Java classes
hdr a term used for image and video, referring to an extended range than normal 8-bit-per-color channel precision, enabling representation of a wider range of luminance and com…
xmlhttprequest-level2 XMLHttpRequest Level 2 defines various new methods over XMLHttRequest level 1, such as the FormData object and new response types.
ios-enterprise regarding an iOS Enterprise App
netoffice an open source .NET library which offers solutions for Office developers in .NET
cocos2d-html5 An open-source web 2D game framework, cross platforms between browsers and native applications with the C++ bindings to cocos2d-x.
qstyleditemdelegate The QStyledItemDelegate class, part of the Qt framework, provides display and editing facilities for data items from a model.
linker-flags arguments passed to a linker to specify options, for instance to link the code with a certain library, etc
raiseevent null
pandasql pandasql allows you to query pandas DataFrames using SQL syntax
first-chance-exception an exception thrown and handled by running code
intel-mic Intel Many Integrated Core Architecture
windows-networking null
sendbird Relates to question targeting the SendBird chat and messaging service API.
google-apps-for-education a free suite of hosted email and collaboration applications exclusively for schools and universities.
mapping-model a Core Data construct that helps define how one version of a object model is migrated to another version the object model.
marklogic-9 Indicates questions specific to MarkLogic 9; use with the MarkLogic tag but not in place of.
ford-fulkerson an algorithm for finding the maximum flow in a flow network
jline a Java library for handling console input
resume-download Tag for questions regarding resuming an interrrupted download - for example, using HTTP Range and Content-range headers.
nspersistentdocument a subclass of NSDocument intended to work with Core Data.
tao-framework a collection of bindings to facilitate cross-platform game-related development utilizing the .NET platform.
taglist Programming editors like Vim have built-in capabilities to query for and jump to matching tags; plugins like taglist and tagbar dress up this information and show it in a sidebar.
worklight-appcenter The IBM Worklight Foundation Application Center provides an enterprise application store for sharing applications across your organization for use in that org…
halting-problem a famous problem in theoretical computer science
livescript a language which compiles to JavaScript
jdk1.7 an implementation of either one of the Java SE, Java EE or Java ME platforms released by Oracle Corporation
wcf-routing An intermediary WCF service that acts as a message router
sitecollection null
mongoose-im a horizontally scalable and extensible XMPP server written in Erlang.
object-to-string the concept of canonically representing an Object as a String.
csslint a program used to parse CSS and flag syntax errors, anti-patterns, and redundant declarations.
cuda-gdb the NVIDIA tool for debugging CUDA applications running on Linux and Mac
describe psych library function - used primarily to scale construction and for item analysis using classic psychometrics
sbrk a basic memory management system call used in Unix and Unix-like operating systems to control the amount of memory allocated to the data segment of the process.
google-document-viewer null
unison a bidirectional, conflict detecting file-synchronization tool for OSX, Unix, and Windows
google-email-settings-api An API which enables Google partners to programmatically manipulate most user-level Google Mail settings.
uibackgroundcolor behind all other colors and only shows in places where no view is in front of it, or where all views in front of it have alpha < 1.0.
magnetic-cards null
ie8-browser-mode sets User Agent, conditional comments version number, and document mode to Internet Explorer 8 in any version of Internet Explorer
number-systems Anything related to number systems, i.e
scraperwiki an online tool for Screen Scraping.
adldap A PHP class that provides LDAP authentication with Active Directory.
mousemotionlistener The AWT based MouseMotionListener of Java allows apps
eclipse-classpath for problems with the Java Classpath when running in Eclipse.
connectexception null
time-tracking null
pixel-bender a programing language for the description of image processing algorithms.
ccaction a class from the popular Cocos2d engine
touchimageview Extends Android ImageView to include pinch zooming, panning, fling and double tap zoom.
md-select null
compound-key null
navigationitem null
dos2unix About dos2unix conversion program
filetime for questions related to Windows FILETIME data structure.
enhancement null
explicit-instantiation Explicit instantiation lets you create an instantiation of a C++ templated class or function without actually using it in your code.
dundas Questions relating to products by Dundas Data Visualization Inc., such as Dundas BI, Dundas Dashboard, or the old Chart/Gauge/Map components for ASP.NET and WinForms
dynamics-crm-webapi The Microsoft Dynamics 365 Web API , provides a development experience that can be used across a wide variety of programming languages, platforms, and devices
imp Used for questions relating to the Electric Imp, a programmable Internet of Things eco-system.
initial-context null
hashable This Hashable package defines a class, Hashable, for types that can be converted to a hash value
html5-template a mechanism for holding client-side content that is not to be rendered when a page is loaded but may subsequently be instantiated during runtime using JavaScript.
metatag null
multi-database null
nuclide-editor Nuclide - A unified developer experience for web and mobile development
nstextstorage an iOS class that contains text that is displayed using NSLayoutManager objects, and notifies the NSLayoutManager objects of any changes to its characters or attributes
networkextension The Network Extension framework contains APIs that can be used to customize and extend the core networking features of iOS and macOS.
jad a decompiler for the Java programming language.
lexikjwtauthbundle The LexikJWTAuthenticationBundle provides authentication via Json Web Token for Symfony2+ REST API .
kernlab The kernlab package for R provides kernel-based machine learning methods for classification, regression and clustering.
lzx an XML-based declarative language created as part of the OpenLaszlo rich Internet application platform.
lis The longest increasing subsequence problem is to find a subsequence of a given sequence in which the subsequence's elements are in sorted order, lowest to highest, and in which the subsequence is as l…
caddy a configurable web server written in Go that supports modern features such as HTTP/2, IPv6, Markdown, WebSockets, FastCGI, templates and more, right out of the box.
embedded-ruby null
c++builder-xe5 C++ RAD Environment from Embarcadero targeting Windows, Mac and Android development.
character-class regular expression constructs that defines and matches from a list of meta- and literal characters
chronicle-map an efficient, low latency in-memory Key Value Store for the JVM with optional persistence to disk.
callbyname null
cakephp-2.7 a free, open-source, rapid development framework for PHP
bucket-sort a generic variant of the pigeonhole sorting algorithm which works by splitting a list into based on arbitrary boundaries, sorting the buckets, and recombining the buckets in o…
bitstream null
django-uploads Django-uploads refers to how django handles file uploads
d3-force-directed null
commandargument a property of the Button class
confirmation-email null
apache-commons-lang The standard Java libraries fail to provide enough methods for manipulation of its core classes
asp.net-core-tag-helpers server-sided classes used for rendering HTML content
asp.net-bundling null
alivepdf Questions related to AlivePDF, an open source ActionScript 3 PDF generation library.
shake-build-system a Haskell library for writing build systems - designed as a replacement for make
acquia a hosting company specializing in hosting Drupal websites
access-keys null
diamond-operator used in Perl for I/O and in Java for generics.
kate an advanced text editor for programmers.
ora-00942 Table or view does not exist
cgaffinetransformscale null
cgbitmapcontextcreate Creates a bitmap graphics context in Apple's Core Graphics framework.
metabase an open source browser based analytics/data visualization tool.
mercurialeclipse a Mercurial source control plugin for Eclipse.
merging-data null
merchant-account a type of bank account that allows businesses to accept payments by payment cards, typically debit or credit cards.
itemcommand null
itemtouchhelper for questions related to the Android widgets ItemTouchHelper utility class.
built-in-types synonymous to the tag
buildconfig null
rosetta-stone Encouraging users to solve a challenge using as many different languages as they know
elapsed null
argument-unpacking for questions related with argument unpacking, a technique that allows Arrays and Traversable objects to be extracted/unpacked into argument lists/sequences.
aptitude a front-end to the Advanced Packaging Tool It was initially created for Debian.
component-scan null
exception-safety null
codepoint null
custom-build-step null
create-function null
domc a parallel backend for the foreach package
dojo-build Questions about Dojo Build system, allowing to merge multiple modules into single files, therefore creating compact release.
directoryindex null
bounding null
calibre a free and open source e-book library management application.
cakephp-model the classes that sit as the business layer in a CakePHP application.
cilk a general-purpose programming language designed for multithreaded parallel computing.
cluetip a jQuery plugin for displaying stylized tooltips
caf a container audio file format developed by Apple
listbox-control null
kerberos-delegation a feature that allows an application to reuse the end-user credentials to access resources hosted on a different server
lemon a parser generator, maintained as part of the SQLite project, that generates an LALR parser in the C programming language from an input context-free grammar.
jail an implementation of operating system-level virtualization that allows administrators to partition a FreeBSD-based computer system into several independent mini-systems c…
jsdt JSDT known as Javascript Development Tools is a part of the Web Tools Platform in the Eclipse IDE.
json-lib a Java-to-JSON binding API that serializes and deserializes JSON data to and from Java data structures
jgrowl a jQuery plugin that raises unobtrusive messages within the browser, similar to the way that OS X's Growl Framework works.
new-project null
negate null
object-create An alternative to JavaScript's new operator added in ECMAScript 5 and championed by Douglas Crockford.
html5-data intended to store custom data private to the page or application, for which there are no more appropriate attributes or elements
html-imports a mechanism for including and reusing HTML documents in other HTML documents
htmlcontrols null
hkhealthstore The HealthKit store acts as your link to all the data managed by HealthKit
infobubble a customizable css3 infowindow
ignore-case A method that ignores case when comparing two strings.
iif-function a language function to perform an immediate or inline conditional assignment.
getopenfilename a static function provided by Qt to show a dialog for opening a file
getc Anything related to C or C++ standard library functions `getc` or `std::getc`
getcwd The getcwd function retrieves the current working directory pathname on POSIX compliant machines.
gvnix an Spring Roo distribution that focuses both enterprise knowledge and enterprise standards to build Java applications.
ecma a standards organisation
extracttextwebpackplugin null
emotion a performant and flexible CSS-in-JS library
finch a simple, low-latency OpenAL sound engine for Apple iOS.
fabric.io a modular mobile platform that makes it easy for developers to build great apps.
formflow a building block that helps create a guided conversation when utilizing Microsoft's Bot Framework.
bindable null
impressions null
concrete an open source content management system for creating web and e-commerce applications.
lti a specification developed by IMS Global Learning Consortium
medoo A lightweight PHP framework for dealing with database interaction
control-center null
geomesa an open-source, distributed, spatio-temporal database built on top of different cloud data storage systems such as Accumulo, HBase, Cassandra, and Kafka
ckquery a component of the cloudkit iOS Developer Library
oggvorbis Questions related to vorbis audio encapsulated in Ogg file format
planning A branch of artificial intelligence concerned with generating multi-part solutions to problems
pivotaltracker null
android-inapp-purchase null
android-jack-and-jill deprecated
guacamole a clientless remote desktop gateway
mumps a high-performance, hierarchical NoSQL database with an embedded general-purpose programming/scripting language, originating in Massachusetts General Hospital in 1966 and widely used in healt…
xoom is an Android based tablet made by Motorola.
xrange a Python function that, unlike the traditional 'range' function, creates an iterator object rather than a list.
bpf The Berkeley Packet Filter was initially introduced to provide a raw interface to data link layers in a protocol independent fashion, on BSD systems and then on Linux
scrapy-shell an interactive shell where you can try and debug your scraping code very quickly, without having to run the spider.
scotty Haskell web framework inspired by Ruby's Sinatra, using WAI and Warp
scope-resolution null
jqtransform a jQuery styling plugin which allows you to skin form elements
spring-repositories null
jquery-form-validator a feature rich jQuery plugin that makes it easy to validate user input while keeping your HTML markup clean from JavaScript code.
unique-values for questions involving values which are only one of its kind; unlike anything else.
scala-gatling null
dependency-walker a free utility that scans any 32-bit or 64-bit Windows module and builds a hierarchical tree diagram of all dependent modules.
facebook-test-users a special Facebook account, invisible to real accounts, which can be created within an app for the purpose of manual or automated testing of that app's Facebook integration.
vptr Reference for C++ Virtual Pointer.
dbml For questions specifically about the linq-to-sql dbml file generated by SqlMetal or Visual Studio
system.drawing.imaging null
highland.js The high-level streams library for Node.js and the browser.
web-administration Microsoft's API for administering IIS in .NET.
uitoolbaritem An individual button or space in a UIToolbar, on iOS.
tthread null
openshift-3 null
request-uri a Uniform Resource Identifier to identify the resource upon which the request should be applied.
gimpfu a python module similar to python-fu which provides an interface for writing plug-ins for gimp in python
git-bisect part of the git CM software
battery-saver null
react-animated For questions specifically related to the React Native Animated framework that is used to animate React Native components in a performant manner.
tao short for The ACE ORB which is an open source CORBA implementation in C++
boost-iterators tricky, but the need comes up often
boost-mpi one of the Boost libraries, a C++-style wrapper around the Message Passing Interface library for high-performance distributed computing.
defragmentation The process of decreasing the amount of fragmented files on a computer's system hard drive.
focusable null
matlab-table Used in Matlab high-level language and interactive programming environment for numerical computation and visualization; Creates a table from the input variables
actionpack Web apps on Rails
google-translator-toolkit a web application designed to allow translators to edit the translations that Google Translate automatically generates
pega Pega or PegaRULES Process Commander is a BPMS developed by PegaSystems
google-awareness A unified sensing platform enabling applications to be aware of multiple aspects of a users context, while managing battery and memory health.
firebase-app-indexing Firebase App Indexing allows users to re­-engage with installed apps through a seamless integration with Google Search
servlet-container For questions regarding servlet-container
pyuic A command-line tool included with PyQt
ribboncontrolslibrary a WPF Ribbon Library
fscalendar A calendar control for iOS7+
netmask A bitwise mask that shows which part of the IP address is shared by all computers in the subnetwork and is used to identify them all together in some larger network
azure-acs Service offered by Windows Azure that provides authentication and authorization for web applications and services
wsdualhttpbinding A secure and interoperable WCF binding that is designed for use with duplex service contracts that allows both services and clients to send and receive messages.
yield-keyword used to pause and resume a generator.
backbone-forms Form framework for Backbone.JS with nested forms, editable lists and validation
createwindow null
cross-fade Fading references the interpolation of audio or image signals
cropper null
cross-database null
team-project null
angular-factory null
app-certification-kit For questions related to the Windows ACK and its use in the various app certification programs for Windows operating systems.
odb an open-source, cross-platform, and cross-database object-relational mapping system for C++.
playlists Usually a list of media files locations used by different type of player devices or applications.
plone-5.x a content management system written in Python
psr-7 a proposed FIG standard to provide a set of common interfaces for HTTP messages in PHP
pythoncom a module, encapsulating the OLE automation API.
prebuild null
openimaj Open Intelligent Multimedia Analysis toolkit for Java
online-game played over the internet and usually allow multiple players to interact with one another in some way
onlinebanking Electronic payment system that enables customers of a financial institution to conduct financial transactions through that institution's website
parceler Parcelable code generator for Google Android.
outlook-api null
rpython a restricted subset of the Python programming language
rpm-maven-plugin The RPM Maven Plugin allows artifacts from one or more projects to be packaged in an RPM for distribution.
sdcc a retargettable, optimizing ANSI - C compiler suite that targets the Intel MCS51 based microprocessors , Maxim DS80C390 variants, Freescale
selenium3 a new version of open-source tool/framework for automating web browsers
query-by-example null
rapache a project supporting web application development using the R statistical language and environment and the Apache web server
radiobuttonfor null
ratchet-2 Build mobile apps with simple HTML‚ CSS‚ and JS components.
remoteapi null
rendered-attribute In JSF , the tags have an attribute called rendered
rendertarget null
ringcentral For developer questions related to using RingCentral Developer Platform API, SDKs, client libraries, sample apps, and other programming tasks.
rfc3339 A RFC entitled
reorderlist null
webdatagrid a grid control with native AJAX capabilities
trusted-timestamp used to prove the existence of certain data before a certain point without the possibility that the owner can backdate the timestam…
transcription null
unidac UniDAC, short for Universal Data Access Components, is a library of nonvisual cross-database data access components for Delphi, Delphi for .NET, C++Builder, and Lazarus .
user-friendly null
svn-repository null
stringwriter StringWriter class could refer to java.io.StringWriter or to System.IO.StringWriter
tcmalloc a malloc library developed by Google
system-sounds null
spookyjs SpookyJS makes it possible to drive CasperJS suites from Node.js
solr-cell Solr Content Extraction Library: a SOLR contrib module responsible for converting the raw content of a rich document to something usable by Solr.
sql-server-2016-express for questions specific to the Express version of the 2016 version of Microsoft SQL Server
sjcl a project by the Stanford Computer Security Lab to build a secure, powerful, fast, small, easy-to-use, cross-browser library for cryptography in Javascript.
task-runner-explorer Task Runner Explorer lets you run commands inside Visual Studio ...
stem a Python controller library for Tor.
udt Please do not use this tag
typo3-4.5 null
win32exception part of .NET Framework and is used as wrapper of Win32 error codes.
user-preferences null
virus-scanning the process of finding and eliminating malicious software on a computer
readwritelock a structure of the two locks
radiant A Ruby on Rails CMS.
rnw null
optional-values null
praat a free scientific software program for the analysis of speech in phonetics.
python-fu a set of Python modules that act as a wrapper to libgimp allowing the writing of plug-ins or standalone scripts for GIMP
off-canvas-menu null
angular-decorator null
document-conversion the act of converting one document's format to another, which allows the document to be read in many more applications
stdafx.h a file, generated by Microsoft Visual Studio IDE wizards, that describes both standard system and project specific include files that are used frequently but hardly ever change.
leadbolt a mobile and web Advertising Network
zend-soap Questions about the SOAP functionality packaged with Zend Framework: Zend_Soap_Server, Zend_Soap_Client etc.
wordsearch used with generating or solving word search puzzles as well as generally searching words matching certain conditions in a collection of words.
xcode-workspace null
yajl an event-driven C JSON parser and generator
anglesharp for questions related to the AngleSharp .NET library for HTML/SVG/MathML parsing.
blackboard a Learning Management System used by thousands of schools around the world
mule-cluster null
datamatrix a 2-D matrix code designed to pack a lot of information in a very small space, including error correction code Reed-Solomon in its last version.
verifone often used to accept credit card payment
qdatastream The QDataStream class provides serialization of binary data to a QIODevice.
tree-balancing In the context of data structures, tree balancing refers to reorganizing the nodes in a binary search tree to ensure that the height of the tree is not too large.
iphoto an Apple application to view, sort, organize and completely manage one's photos in an iOS device.
integrated-security for questions related to units, or entities, that use joint-services, to achieve its purpose.
ngoninit null
pdfnet for questions regarding PDFNet SDK on mobile, desktop/server or PDFNetJS
type-coercion null
mapbox-marker null
markitup a JavaScript plug-in that allows any textarea to be turned into a markup editor.
matlab-load refers to Matlab's `load` command for loading data from mat-files
folder-permissions null
flyweight-pattern a design pattern that minimizes an object's memory use by sharing as much of its data as possible with other similar objects
zip4j A java open-source library to handle Zip files.
zone.js an execution context that persists across async tasks
error-suppression null
im4java The library im4java provides a pure-java interface to ImageMagick, GraphicsMagick and other popular commandline tools like jpegtran, ufraw, dcraw, exiftool
gzipoutputstream a Java class for writing data that will be compressed in gzip format
thesaurus null
uitabview a common misrepresentation of UITabBarController, which is a specialized iOS view controller that manages a radio-style selection interface.
web-application-design null
dns-sd a part of Zero Configuration Networking
javapoet a Java API for generating .java source files.
jquerydatetimepicker jQuery plugin for date, time, or datetime manipulation in form
jquery-append Refers to jQuery's append function, which allows you to insert content as the last child of the matched elements.
multiple-processes the execution of multiple concurrent processes in a system
ruby-hash a Ruby's variant of a dictionary or associative array
flexible-array-member a C feature introduced in C99 whereby one can declare the last element to be an array of unspecified size.
breeze-sharp a .NET client library that helps manage data in a rich client application
web-scripting null
fouc an instance where a web page appears briefly with the browser's default styles prior to loading an external CSS stylesheet.
echosign Questions about the API provided by Adobe Sign
easyslider A Jquery image slider plugin
constructor-chaining the process of calling the super class constructor by the subclass constructors in the inheritance tree when creating an object.
rtcdatachannel null
android-immersive For the android sticky `SYSTEM_UI_FLAG_IMMERSIVE_STICKY` and non-sticky `SYSTEM_UI_FLAG_IMMERSIVE` immersive mode
olap4j an open Java API for OLAP
inotifydataerrorinfo an interface in .Net Framework which defines members that data entity classes can implement to provide custom synchronous and asynchronous validation support.
coloranimation null
snowball a small language for writing stemming algorithms, used primarily in information retrieval and natural language processing.
cognos-tm1 an in-memory, multi-dimensional, read/write online analytical processing tool which can be used for data warehousing, budgeting and planning, reporting or analysis of data.
coldfusion-7 For issues relating to using ColdFusion, version 7.
contracts null
mediametadataretriever null
compound-assignment For questions about single operators that assign a value based on both a previous value and an operand
visual-studio-app-center your continuous integration, delivery and feedback solution for Android, iOS, Windows, and macOS apps, enabling you to ship higher-quality apps faster and with greater conf…
nativeapplication null
mysqladmin Client for administering a MySQL server.
foreign-collection A collection of foreign keys associated with an entity used in Object Relational Mapping systems.
flurl a fluent URL builder and wrist-friendly HTTP client library for .NET.
gdataxml Questions about GDataXML, Google’s XML processing library, may have this tag.
feed-forward null
enctype an HTML form attribute that indicates how form data should be encoded
evopdf a commercial HTML to PDF converter library for .NET that can be integrated in ASP.NET, Windows Forms and Windows Azure Cloud applications.
drawingcontext null
getproperty null
google-closure-templates a client- and server-side templating system that helps you dynamically build reusable HTML and UI elements
goal null
iiop Internet Inter-ORB Protocol defines a protocol for CORBA invocation over the TCP/IP
ilasm The MSIL Assembler generates a portable executable file from Microsoft intermediate language
iex Elixir’s interactive shell.
http-status-code-410 a standard HTTP status code indicating that a requested resource is no longer available at the server and no forwarding address is known.
object-composition null
nsurlcredential an immutable object representing an authentication credential consisting of authentication information specific to the type of credential and the type of persistent storage to use, …
node-debugger Remote debugger and debugging client that comes built-in with Node.js.
non-interactive null
nservicebus3 Questions related to the 3rd version of NServiceBus may have this tag.
multiple null
mutation-events Mutation Events have been deprecated in favor of Mutation Observers.
mosby a Model-View-Presenter library for android apps.
mindate null
manipulators Anything related to C++ I/O manipulators, i.e
martini a popular, lightweight web framework for Go.
jsonapi-resources a Ruby library to write clients and servers for the JSONAPI standard.
junit-rule feature of JUnit, which allow to execute code befor, after or instead of a test.
jeasyui a collection of user-interface plugin based on jQuery.
levenberg-marquardt a widely-used second-order optimization algorithm
kofax A company offering solutions in the field of scanning, recognition and automatic document treatment
widevine DRM platform owned by Google which combines DASH, CENC and EME to provide multiplatform content protection.
cleditor an open source jQuery plugin which provides a lightweight, cross browser, extensible, WYSIWYG HTML editor.
chartjs-2.6.0 null
cf-bosh an open source tool for release engineering, deployment, lifecycle management, and monitoring of distributed systems.
calcite a data management framework
busy-waiting null
azure-marketplace null
directfb a software library for GNU/Linux/Unix-based operating systems, designed with embedded systems in mind.
dijit.tree null
dexclassloader Android dalvik.system.DexClassLoader class loader loads classes from .jar and .apk files containing a classes.dex entry
cscore a free .NET audio library
customer-account-data-api part of the Intuit Partner Platform that provides developers access to end-user financial account and transactional information
compile-time-weaving a technique which allows AOP aspects to be at compile time mainly by modifying the compiled code .
appleevents a type of interprocess message that can specify complex operations and data.
apache-servicemix null
android-parsequeryadapter ParseQueryAdapter handles fetching objects stored in Parse and displaying them as views
arbor.js a graph visualization library for JavaScript.
autovivification Autovivification means implicitly creating data structures accessed via name when explicitly creating their data, such as initializing a hash upon assigning the first key/value pair, or creating a fol…
authenticity-token a feature of Ruby on Rails used to protect against CSRF
avx512 Intel's next generation of SIMD instructions that extends the existing AVX functionality to 512 bits.
posthoc null
.war In software engineering, a WAR file is a JAR file used to distribute a collection of JavaServer Pages, Java Servlets, Java classes, XML files, tag libraries, static Web pa…
cffi CFFI, the Common Foreign Function Interface, for Common Lisp
against null
alteryx Alteryx provides an easy-to-use analytics platform for enterprise companies making critical decisions that drive their business strategy and growth.
buildnumber-maven-plugin designed to get a unique build number for each time you build your project
ivyde the Eclipse plugin which integrates Apache Ivy's dependency management into Eclipse™
kademlia a distributed hash table for p2p networks
micro-orm lean and mean object relational mappers
suggestbox It's a graphical User Interface element which is used to take User input and provides functionality like auto-complete or intellisense.
ora-00907 Missing right parenthesis: a left parenthesis has been entered without a closing right parenthesis, or extra information was contained in the parentheses.
oql OQL stands for
agrep An approximate grep for fuzzy matching
allegrograph a closed source Graph database.
arduino-due a micro controler board based on the Atmel SAM3X8E ARM Cortex-M3 CPU.
angular-observable null
app-data null
appxmanifest null
containskey null
currency-exchange-rates null
crossword Anything related to crosswords, a kind of puzzle game where a square grid of squares is to be filled with letters forming words or phrases.
cpputest a C/C++ based unit xUnit test framework for unit testing and test-driving code.
device-mapper null
deviation null
directory-traversal a form of HTTP exploit in which a hacker uses the software on a Web server to access data in a directory other than the server's root directory
domexception a DOM object for exceptions commonly thrown from the document object; example, calling createElement with an invalid tag name throws a DOMException
d-pad a controller with directional keys, usually up right down left.
django-tagging null
azure-search-.net-sdk null
c++builder-xe7 a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
knuth a computer scientist, best known as the author of the series of books on algorithms The Art of Computer Programming and the creator of the TeX typesetting system.
jxta a set of protocols to operate devices in a P2P fashion on the Internet.
jwrapper a semi-commercial wrapper to ease the deployment of Java applications on multiple platforms.
lexical-cast null
ironworker a service that provides to cloud developers a facility to queue / schedule jobs in a way that is meant to be simple and scalable.
irony a development kit for implementing languages on .NET platform
masked-array NumPy arrays that may have missing or invalid entries
memory-fragmentation null
modi Microsoft Office Document Imaging, an OCR library from Microsoft that comes with Office until version 2007.
mse MSE stands for mean-squred error
nshttpcookie An NSHTTPCookie object represents an HTTP cookie
ibm-cloud-private Questions related to the offering.
helix null
inflection the modification of a word to express different grammatical categories such as tense, mood, voice, aspect, person, number, gender and case.
installation-path null
gnuwin32 GnuWin provides ports of tools with a GNU or similar open source license, to modern MS-Windows
gwt-bootstrap a GWT library representing Twitter's bootstrap components, styles, and plugins.
guitar All questions related to creation of guitar specific software: tuners, editors, processors, etc
ds-5 Questions related to ARM DS-5 Development Studio suite of tools.
exporter null
erasure When implementing generics in a programming language often the binary does not contain any of the type information from the generics
ereg-replace a PHP function that performs string replacement using regular expressions.
fibonacci-heap an implementation of a priority queue that supports amortized O insertion, merge, find-min, and decrease-key, along with amortized O delete and extract-min
face-api a cloud-based service that provides advanced algorithm for face detection, verification, identification, and more.
findandmodify null
freetts an open source speech synthesis system, an implementation of Sun's Java Speech API
funq For issues relating to the Funq Dependency Injection framework.
flixel a free open-source game-making library written in ActionScript 3.
flooding a type of Denial of Service network attack, which consists of the generation of numerous TCP requests intended to overwhelm a web server and result in slowdown or downtime.
mysql-error-1241 MySQL error 1241: Operand should contain n column
n-dimensional null
wise Wise from Wise Solutions, Inc
indexpath null
lsmeans An R package for obtaining least-squares means for many linear, generalized linear, and mixed models
meetup an online social networking portal that facilitates offline group meetings in various localities around the world.
global-scope fully accessible in the entire program or script.
colander a simple framework for validating, serializing and deserializing of data obtained via XML, JSON, an HTML form post or any other equally simple data structure.
collapsiblepanelextender part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
inner-query null
cksubscription Use a CKSubscription object to track changes occurring on the server
oltp Online or Operational transaction processing refers to a class of systems or processes that manage database or commercial transactions
modelbinder null
android-gradle-3.0 for questions specifically related to the version 3 of the Android Gradle Plugin, for generic questions use the android-gradle tag.
pressure null
hyper A modern HTTP library for Rust.
xquery-update null
fortrabbit a cloud hosting platform dedicated to PHP applications
webpack-dev-middleware null
null-object-pattern used to represent a null, rather than a true programatic null, in order to avoid various complications that arise from using an actual null
multiprecision null
magnet-uri a URI scheme standard for Magnet links, which mainly refer to resources available for download via peer-to-peer networks.
magicmock a subclass of Mock with default implementations of most of the magic methods.
google-http-client This refers to the Google HTTP Client Library for Java.
spring-security-rest The Spring Security REST Grails plugin allows you to use Spring Security for a stateless, token-based, RESTful authentication.
javascript-databinding for the application to Javascript of separation-of-concerns approaches such as the Model-View-Controller pattern.
system-center null
npm-publish command on npm CLI, which publishes the specified package to the npmjs repository and then can be available to install through npm install command.
uitabcontroller a common misrepresentation of UITabBarController, a specialized iOS view controller that manages a radio-style selection interface.
web.sitemap null
weak-linking null
jcuda Java bindings for the CUDA runtime and driver API
tsx Intel's Transactional Synchronization Extension for optimized memory access in multi-threaded code
umbraco5 an open source .NET based content management system
uitypeeditor A UITypeEditor provides a user interface for representing and editing the values of objects.
filegroup a named collection of SQL Server database objects and files used for allocation and administration purposes.
anti-cheat Anti-cheating in software and video-gaming aims to prevent tactics such as add-ons or exploits that give players an unfair advantage
gibbon a simple wrapper for MailChimp's Primary and Export APIs.
dropzone an open source library that provides drag'n'drop file uploads with image previews
r-xlsx The xlsx library in R has capabilities for reading and writing Microsoft Excel files
resty-gwt a GWT generator for REST services and JSON encoded data transfer objects.
maven-eclipse-plugin An Eclipse plug-in for generating Eclipse IDE files, like .classpath, .project, etc
orientjs Official orientdb driver for node.js
redcloth a module for using the Textile markup language in Ruby.
gollum-wiki a simple wiki system built on top of Git that powers GitHub Wikis.
hostapd A user space daemon for access point and authentication servers.
login-page the first step in user authentication and acts as a gateway between the public version of an application and it's private back end
servlet-mapping null
audioformat null
range-v3 a range library for C++11/14.
text-coloring null
qbwc The QuickBooks Web Connector provides an API for interfacing web-based applications with desktop Intuit QuickBooks software.
candidate-key a set of attributes that is irreducibly unique and non-nullable within a table
program-files null
qsharedpointer a Qt class which holds a strong reference to a shared pointer.
multichoiceitems a control where the user can select more than one item
zend-date null
hbmxml null
kubelet the primary “node agent” that runs on each node
kura an OSGi-based container for M2M applications running in service gateways
ensembles an Objective-C synchronization framework for apps using Apple's Core Data.
doctrine-migrations Anything related with Doctrine migrations for Symfony and DoctrineMigrationsBundle library
doctrine-mongodb Doctrine MongoDB Object Document Mapper provides transparent persistence for PHP objects to the MongoDB database.
pyflakes Pyflakes analyzes Python source code non-intrusively to check for errors.
vue-material a framework built exactly according to the Material Design specs
iostat iostat displays the current CPU load average and disk I/O information.
autodesk-data-management The Data Management API provides a unified and consistent way to access data across A360, Fusion 360, and the Object Storage Service.
authsub Google AuthSub authentication for Google endpoints.
pprof a golang package used to profile various runtime properties of golang's http server.
popviewcontrolleranimated null
phash an algorithm for creating fingerprints of multimedia data .
onmouseup Event that can be handled
ocamlyacc a Parser generator for OCaml
octokit A Ruby toolkit for the GitHub API.
overflowexception thrown when an arithmetic, casting, or conversion operation in a checked context results in an overflow.
satellite-image null
set-union In set theory, the union
rack-middleware null
rabin-karp a string matching algorithm that employs a rolling hash function to speed up the search.
ras Remote Access Service.
qscintilla a Qt port of Scintilla, a source code editing component.
qheaderview a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a header row or header column for item views.
real-time-database null
vows Asynchronous behaviour driven development for Node.
usernametoken null
webdev.webserver a development web server included with Visual Studio.
wcffacility The WCF Facility allows for the use of the Windsor container for WCF Services.
unnotificationrequest a new Cocoa Touch notification object introduced with iOS 10.
trafficshaping Traffic-Shaping refers to the modification of packet-based network protocols according to certain criteria
tritium A transformation language for XML-friendly files.
tabbedpage create Tabbed pages for example in Xamarin, or in a technical jargon: hidden pages,each having button on the top, where first s…
tframe a VCL visual control acting as a container for components
sharpgl a C# library that allows you to use OpenGL in your .NET Framework based application with ease!
sqlalchemy-migrate Schema migration tools for SQLAlchemy, designed to support an agile approach to database design, and make it easier to keep development and production databases in sync, as schema changes are required…
spring-aspects common utility aspects to use when creating systems with
smallbasic a Microsoft product for teaching beginners to program.
textwriter In ASP.NET Represents a writer that can write a sequential series of characters
system.configuration a .net framework namespace contains the types that provide the programming model for handling configuration data.
storage-engines the underlying software component used to create, read, update and delete data from a data store.
subpixel for questions related to subpixel, where an animation would apply gradually.
tilelist null
unicode-literals for questions related to Unicode Literals
uncertainty null
userfrosting a user management system for PHP that works out of the box and builds on top of modern components and standards.
variants null
virtualmin Web hosting dashboard, module of Webmin
record-linkage Record linkage refers to the task of finding records in a data set that refer to the same entity when the entities do not have unique identifiers
reference-wrapper null
referential-transparency A property of a function, variable, or expression whereby the expression can be replaced by its value without affecting the behavior of the program.
rfc2616 An RFC entitled
raft A distributed consensus protocol designed to be easy to understand
rauth A simple Python OAuth 1.0/a, OAuth 2.0, and Ofly consumer library
rave-reports an advanced suite of components for Delphi and C++Builder that allow the development of powerful and flexible database reporting.
scichart SciChart: High Performance WPF Chart Control
sap-web-ide A web-based IDE available on SAP's HANA Cloud Platform
r-s3 One of the object oriented systems in the R language.
pagecontrol null
payflowlink null
openhab openHAB aims at providing a universal integration platform for all things around home automation
operationcontract null
phinx Database migration tool for PHP apps.
php-7.2 for version-specific issues relating specifically to PHP 7.2.Use with the tag
popup-blocker browser code that attempts to prevent annoying or disruptive unsolicited popup windows from polluting the display area.
playorm a break from JPA for noSQL stores where it supports noSQL patterns and only needs to know PART of your schema
piracy the use of works under copyright, infringing the copyright holder's exclusive rights, such as the right to reproduce, distribute, display or perform the copyrighted work, or to make derivati…
powershell-workflow Windows PowerShell, first introduced with the release of Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008, is a distributed automation engine, command-line shell, and scripting language that is constructed on th…
princexml software for converting XML and HTML documents to PDF files.
prism-5 Prism 5.0 includes guidance in several new areas, resulting in new code in the Prism Library for WPF, new and updated QuickStarts, and updated documentation.
private-messaging null
proj4 an open source C library used to transform between different map coordinate systems
office-communicator a communications and collaboration application that includes instant messaging, voice, desktop sharing and video
odoo-website Odoo offers a website builder with its v8.0 release
backport the action of either taking a new version of a piece of software and making it available in an older distribution, or taking a certain software modification and applying it to a…
database-mail is a component of Microsoft SQL Server for sending e-mail messages.
lawnchair a client-side JSON object store implemented in JavaScript.
zend-http-client Zend_Http_Client provides an easy interface for preforming Hyper-Text Transfer Protocol requests.
zend-expressive Expressive allows you to write PSR-7 middleware applications for the web like APIs, Websites, Single Page Applications and more
xemacs fork of GNU Emacs, providing much of the same functionality
xmlsec null
propel2 the next major version of an open-source Object-Relational Mapping for PHP5
netapp a company primarily known for the NetApp Filer network attached storage appliances.
fsi the REPL for the F# programming language.
ftrace an internal tracing utility built directly into the Linux kernel
django-messages Notification messages framework for Django
anemic-domain-model if it has little or no behavior
axshockwaveflash a .net wrapper component for loading flash movies on a windows form.
program-flow null
commonschunkplugin a webpack plugin that helps you bundle common code among your modules into separate bundles.
process-monitoring null
productbuild Utility to build a product archive
qtabbar a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a tab bar, e.g
io-completion-ports Input/Output Completion Port is an API for performing multiple simultaneous asynchronous input/output operations in Windows, AIX and Solaris.
iolanguage a pure, prototype-based, object-oriented dynamic programming language.
servicemanager started at system boot
logged null
integrated for questions related to integrated systems, i.e
viewdidunload null
pfrelation used to access all of the children of a many-to-many relationship as it pertains to a specific PFObject
gopro high-def video cameras usually used in sports and action videography.
foolproof-validation a library that complements the Data Annotation validation provided in ASP.NET MVC.
rest-assured-jsonpath For use only with the popular REST-Assured API testing framework for Java.
flysystem a PHP library that provides an abstraction layer for filesystems
jocl JOCL provides an easy to use Java binding for the OpenCL API.
mixed-integer-programming null
strchr A C library function which searches for the first occurrence of a character in a string.
defaultbutton null
zipalign an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to Android application files.
gh-unit a test framework for Objective-C, Mac OS X 10.5 and above and iPhone 3.x and above
ghdl an open source and freely available implementation of a VHDL analyzer and simulator written by Tristan Gingold in Ada
reportng an HTML and XML reporting plug-in for TestNG.
beam should be used for questions about the BEAM, the Erlang virtual machine.
ansible-role null
file-location null
umbraco-blog null
mongodb-shell a command-line tool for querying and administering MongoDB.
converters null
nreco a collection of reusable components for .NET platform
dep DEP, the short for Data Execution Prevention, is a security feature included in recent operating systems meant to prevent an application or service from executing code from a non-executable memory reg…
javalite null
uiimagepngrepresentation for questions related to UIImagePNGRepresentation.
ierrorhandler In .NET, allows an implementer to control the fault message returned to the caller from a WCF service and optionally perform custom error processing such as logging.
gray-code Anything related to Gray code, also known as reflected binary code, i.e
hypertable an open source database inspired by publications on the design of Google's BigTable.
premature-optimization the optimizing of code for performance reasons before the code has been measured or profiled to determine if the optimization will actually be beneficial.
mozart an advanced development platform for intelligent, distributed applications, utilizing the Oz programming language.
motorola-droid Content related to Motorola Droid phones
catch-unit-test a unit testing framework for C++
node-set null
tortoisecvs a Windows-based application that allows the CVS version control system to be used directly from Windows Explorer.
extended-events SQL Server Extended Events is a general event-handling system for server systems
assemblybinding Questions about problems with .NET assembly binding
glazedlists null
inertia null
wlanapi null
ndimage Multi-dimensional image processing module within Scipy.
mysql-error-1452 MySql error #1452 - Cannot add or update a child row: a foreign key constraint fails
axis2c a Web services engine implemented in the C programming language
splist Represents a list on a Microsoft SharePoint Foundation Web site.
google-shared-contacts The allows client applications to retrieve and update external contacts that are shared to all users in a Google Apps domain.
gob a Go specific protocol and package for the exchange of data between Go programs
google-material-icons null
insmod insmod tries to link a module into the running kernel by resolving all symbols from the kernel's exported symbol table.
igrouping The .NET interface for a collection of objects with a common key
helpfile null
hashref for questions related to a hashref, an abbreviation to a reference to a hash.
homebrew-cask A friendly homebrew-style CLI workflow for the administration of Mac applications distributed as binaries.
ntl a high-performance, portable C++ library licensed under GPL providing data structures and algorithms for arbitrary length integers; for vectors, matrices, and polynomials over the integers and …
nservicebus5 a highly pluggable, reliable, open source Enterprise Service Bus built on .NET.
notimplementedexception a .Net exception used as a placeholder in order to alert programmers to the fact that a method has not been implemented.
n2 a lightweight open source content management system that runs on top of ASP.NET.
mysql-json Questions related to using the JSON data type in MySQL 5.7 or later
mysql-proxy a simple program that sits between the client and MySQL server that can monitor, analyze or transform their communication
mrunit a Java library that helps developers unit test Apache Hadoop map reduce jobs.
max-msp-jitter an object-oriented graphical multimedia programming environment, sometimes referred to simply as Max
java.util.calendar The Java class for converting a moment in time to fields that represent the date .
jasmin an assembler for the Java Virtual Machine
juggernaut Realtime server push with node.js, WebSockets and Comet
js-beautify A JavaScript beautifier that reformats and reindents bookmarklets, poorly-written JavaScript, unpack scripts packed by Dean Edward’s popular packer, as well as deobfuscate scripts processed by javascr…
jfoenix null
libv8 A gem for distributing the v8 runtime libraries and headers in both source and binary form.
lockfile null
clear-cache null
church-encoding a means of representing data and operators in the lambda calculus
best-fit-curve Anything related to so-called curve-fitting algorithms, i.e
button-to null
django-admin-tools It's a collection of extensions and tools for the Django administration interface.
django-auth-ldap a pluggable Django app that provides an authentication backend that authenticates against an LDAP service
denormalized the process of moving from higher to lower normal forms of database modeling in order to speed up database access.
deinit Swift programming language object destructor
database-update null
custom-configuration null
containstable A T-SQL operator for performing a full-text search.
codesourcery a supplier of open-source toolchains for ARM, MIPS, Power, x86, and other embedded processor architectures
apache-commons-collection Commons-Collections builds upon the Java collection classes by providing new interfaces, implementations and utilities.
apache-commons-dbutils a toolkit that simplifies the usage of the Java Database Connectivity API.
azure-files null
and-operator The and operator can refer to a either a logical AND or a bitwise AND .
adaptor a software design pattern that allows the interface of an existing class to be used as another interface.
shared-project A Visual Studio 'Shared Project' allows code and assets to be shared amongst other projects.
aggregate-initialization a feature of C++ that allows the initialization of arrays and aggregate types using a curly brace syntax.
diagrammer a R package for creating diagrams.
rope a python refactoring library that is useful for renaming or restructuring python classes / methods / variables / constants
cgpdf an iOS and Mac OS X API for reading and writing PDF documents
mft Media Foundation Transforms provide a generic model for processing media data in Microsoft Media Foundation API
kable Create Tables In LaTeX, HTML, Markdown And ReStructuredText
katalon-studio For issues relating to the Katalon Studio testing toolset.
surrogate-pairs Unicode characters with code above 0xFFFF, are encoded in UTF-16 by pairs of 16-bit code units called **surrogate pairs**.
iunknown null
microsoft-ajax Microsoft Ajax features enable you to quickly create Web pages that provide a rich user experience and that include responsive and familiar user interface elements.
diameter-protocol an authentication, authorization and accounting protocol for computer networks, and an alternative to RADIUS
dialog-preference A class in the Android preferences framework that allows applications to implement custom user interfaces for editing a preference setting.
after-save null
akavache an asynchronous, persistent key-value store created for writing desktop and mobile applications in C#
cwnd part of MFC library and provides the base functionality of all window classes.
custompaging null
custom-protocol null
customtaskpane null
share-intent null
allow-same-origin an important security concept for a number of browser-side programming languages, such as JavaScript.
aurelia-templating Part of the Aurelia platform and contains an extensible HTML templating engine supporting databinding, custom elements, attached behaviors and more.
code-migration null
examine a .Net indexing and search engine powered by Lucene.Net
custom-activity null
crowdsourcing null
cpu-time null
cp1251 a popular 8-bit character encoding, designed to cover languages that use the Cyrillic script such as Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian Cyrillic and other languages.…
contentmode determine how a view lays out its content when its bounds change.
cookie-httponly Questions related to cookies which should be send only via http
downtime used to refer to periods when a system is unavailable.
bufferstrategy a Java class representing the mechanism used to organize complex memory on a certain AWT Canvas or Window
call-by-value Evaluation that bounds the resulting value to the corresponding variable in the function .
callcc call-with-current-continuation is a control operator in functional programming
cardreader null
base32 a notation for encoding arbitrary byte data using a restricted set of symbols which can be conveniently used by humans and processed by old computer systems which only recognize restricted c…
clearcanvas an SDK for developing medical imaging applications, primarily using the DICOM standard.
cloudsim a framework for modeling and simulation of Cloud Computing Infrastructures and Services.
clientbundle a construct used to improve application performance by reducing the number of round trip HTTP requests to the server to fetch images.
cfbundleidentifier null
cheat-engine Cheat Engine, commonly abbreviated as CE, is an open source memory scanner/hex editor/debugger created by Eric Heijnen for the Windows operating system
when-js A lightweight Promise and when implementation, plus other async goodies.
maemo a software platform that is mostly based on open source code and powers mobile devices such as the Nokia N810 and N900 Internet Tablets
jscience a comprehensive Java library for scientific computing.
json-patch JSON Patch defines the media type , a JSON document structure for expressing a sequence of operations to apply to a JSON document
jupyter-irkernel An R kernel for Jupyter
ischecked null
ispostback is a .net property whose value indicates whether the page is being rendered for the first time or is being loaded in response to a postback.
ionic-v1 a front-end framework for developing native-feeling hybrid mobile apps with HTML using Sass and AngularJS
managed-directx Tools and techniques to use DirectX through managed code.
memory-pool Memory pools, also called fixed-size blocks allocation, is the use of pools for memory management that allows dynamic memory allocation comparable to malloc or C++'s operator new.
memory-warning null
moped null
mwphotobrowser an implementation of a photo browser similar to the native Photos app in iOS
ninject-interception a Ninject Extension project which facilitates interception, a design pattern commonly used in Aspect Oriented Programming
oauth2-playground a tool for developers that simplifies experimentation with the OAuth 2.0 protocol and APIs.
icinga2 null
infix-operator Infix operators placed between the operands they act on .
gmm For questions about Gaussian mixture models .
git-repo a tool built by Google that works on top of Git
get-event-store open-source, functional database with Complex Event Processing in JavaScript.
gembox-spreadsheet a .NET component that enables developers to read, write and convert spreadsheet files from their .NET applications
fluid-dynamics a subdiscipline of fluid mechanics that deals with fluid flow—the natural science of fluids in motion.
fieldtype for questions about type of the fields in database management systems like Integer, String, Boolean, Datetime and etc.
fetching-strategy null
environments An Environment consist of the server, operating system, settings and software that a program runs in
emc Use for anything related to products from EMC Corporation
experimental-design the methodological study of how experiments should be designed to maximize the scientist's ability to make inferences about the causal effect of an independent variable on a dep…
dtf a rich set of .NET class libraries and related resources that together bring the Windows deployment platform technologies into the .NET world
dom-node null
dotcmis a client library for .NET applications to communicate with Content Repositories compliant to the Content Management Interoperability Services standard
axacropdf An object containing a set of methods that provide access to PDF browser controls
aws-sdk-go for questions related to the AWS SDK for Go library for Amazon Web Services SDK for the Go programing language.
computer-name Questions about retrieving or setting the computer name.
computed-field null
lttng A set of userspace and kernel tracing tools for the Linux operating system
lwrp a part of a cookbook that is used to extend the chef-client in a way that allows custom actions to be defined, and then used in recipes in much the same way as any platform resource.
visual-c++-2013 The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows .
assembly-loading null
android-textinputedittext null
php-pgsql for questions related to getting the PostgreSQL client libraries and PHP extensions working with PHP
toolstripbutton null
input-devices Anything related to input devices, i.e
pitch-tracking the process of finding the dominant frequency of an audio signal.
skobbler-maps null
pkg-file a file extension used for installer on several OS platforms, including Mac OS X and Symbian
catransaction CATransaction allows you to make batch updates to the Core Animation render tree, and it also allows to trigger implicit animations just by setting layer properties inside of a CATransaction.
model.matrix null
android-log Android API for sending log output, which can be viewed and filtered by logcat.
tinyxml2 a simple, small, efficient, C++ XML parser
mobilefirst-appcenter The IBM MobileFirst Platform Foundation Application Center provides an enterprise application store for sharing applications across your organization for use in tha…
grunt-contrib-sass a preprocessor that adds nested rules, variables, mixins and functions, selector inheritance, and more to CSS
sql-returning In various SQL dialects, the RETURNING clause allows to return data from an INSERT, UPDATE or DELETE.
mpd Music Player Daemon, an audio server on Unix-type systems.
graphics32 a library designed for fast 32-bit graphics handling on Delphi.
numpy-einsum NumPy's `einsum` function implements the Einstein summation convention for multidimensional array objects
seesaw Seesaw UI for Clojure
unity-web-player Unity Web Player allows content created with Unity to be played from the browser
facebook-stream-story null
facebook-feed null
vsvim a free Visual Studio extension that makes the code editor a vim emulator
tvjs a set of JavaScript APIs for creating client-server apps using TVMLKit
jdedwards JD Edwards was a company producing Enterprise Resource Planning software.
open-session-in-view pattern where persistence context is open and available in the presentation layer and closed at the end of the HTTP request.
arraycopy null
aruba an extension for Cucumber
deface a library that allows you to customize HTML views in a Rails application without editing the underlying view.
nsorderedset NSOrderedSet declares the programmatic interface for static sets of distinct objects.
deferred-loading null
armcc Questions regarding armcc, C/C++ compiler that is part of proprietary ARM compiler tool-chain, version 5 and below
xhprof a profiling extension for PHP light weight enough to be run in production
cheetah an Open Source Python based Templating Framework.
choco An API which allows constraint programming for java programmers
rx-binding RxJava binding APIs for Android UI widgets from the platform and support libraries by Jake Wharton
rda null
responsive-filemanager a file management script written in JavaScript with a PHP backend
google-website-optimizer Google Website Optimizer was a free website optimization tool that provides a framework for A/B and multivariate testing
actiondispatch null
pfsense an open source firewall/router computer software distribution based on FreeBSD.
viewpage null
windows-phone-toolkit Windows Phone Toolkit provides the developer community with new components, functionality, and an efficient way to help shape product development
windowserror null
logentries a cloud-based log management and analytics platform.
ipojo a service component runtime designed for OSGi application development
firemonkey-fm2 a Delphi-based business application platform that allows targeting Windows 8 and Mac OS X Mountain Lion using a single codebase.
canoe the comprehensive software tool for development, test and analysis of entire ECU networks and individual ECUs.
http-chunked null
interval-tree Interval-tree allows one to efficiently find all intervals that overlap with any given interval or point
data-link-layer In the seven-layer OSI model of computer networking, the data link layer is layer 2
wxpython-phoenix Wxpython Phoenix a Python wrapper for the cross-platform C++ GUI API wxWidgets.
azure-appfabric part of Microsoft Azure Middleware components
codehighlighter null
prototype-chain an object, which you can think of as sort of like associative arrays - objects contain named properties which can be accessed with obj.propName or obj
zend-inputfilter filter and validate generic sets of input data.
zend-config for questions about Zend\Config, a library designed to simplify application configuration.
lazylist lazy loading of images from sd-card or from server using urls
clockwork a cron replacement
entitylisteners Objects defined by the Java Persistence API and implemented by client code to receive notifications about events during the life cycle of a JPA entity.
autobean The AutoBean Framework provides automatically-generated implementations of bean-like interfaces and a low-level serialization mechanism for those interfaces
nineoldandroids Android library for using the Honeycomb animation API on all versions of the platform back to 1.0
angular-amd an utility that facilitate the use of RequireJS in AngularJS applications supporting on-demand loading of 3rd party modules such as angular-ui.
apparmor a Linux Security Module for Linux kernels
pybind11 a C++/Python package offering seamless operability between C++11 and Python, in the spirit of “boost::python” but without the heavy-duty Boost dependency.
php-amqplib a pure PHP implementation of the Advanced Message Queuing Protocol
phong a 3D lighting model and interpolation method used in OpenGL and other 3D APIs.
photologue null
onejar One-JAR lets developer package a Java application together with its dependency Jars into a single executable Jar file.
pbo OpenGL buffer objects that are used for asynchronous uploading and downloading of pixel data.
pair-programming an agile software development technique in which two programmers work together at one work station
rsl RSL stands for Runtime Shared Libraries, and is a means to externally store assets for Adobe Flash Player applications for reference in multiple applications to save space and bandwidth.
scaletype Options for scaling the bounds of an image to the bounds of the current view.
server-name null
rawstring A string literal which would be processed without any language-specific interpretation, avoiding the need of escaping characters and thus providing more legible strings.
readerwriterlockslim a class in Microsoft .NET framework which represents a lock that is used to manage access to a resource, allowing multiple threads for reading or exclusive access for writing.
remoteio null
viterbi a dynamic programming algorithm for finding the most likely sequence of hidden states—called the Viterbi path—that results in a sequence of observed events, especially in the …
video-toolbox The Video Toolbox framework includes direct access to hardware video encoding and decoding in iOS and OSX.
winavr Open source software development tools for the Atmel AVR series.
word-2003 a commercial document editing program used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
windowstate null
typo3-7.x a free and open source web content management system written in PHP
ubuntu-9.04 For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 9.04.
tibco-rv A commercial message bus product for enterprise application integration sold by the TIBCO company .
tomcat-valve a type of component that can be inserted into Tomcat's request/response pipeline in order to add application-specific logic.
truthiness In dynamically typed language, truthiness is a term used to describe a value that might evaluate to boolean true.
subreports for questions related to a subreports, i.e
svndump null
sweet.js a Mozilla Library for adding Macro Compilation to JavaScript
stl-format the standard file type used by most additive manufacturing systems
stateflow a toolbox from MathWorks for development of state machines
tfrecord null
textreader null
texttrimming null
tesla a brand of GPUs targeting the high performance computing market.
shinybs Twitter Bootstrap Components for Shiny.
silhouette a framework agnostic authentication library for Scala that supports several authentication methods, including OAuth1, OAuth2, OpenID, CAS, Credentials, Basic Authentication, Two Factor A…
spring-android a framework that is designed to provide components of the Spring family of projects for use in Android apps.
sqlcipher-android encrypt/decrypt Android Sqlite DataBase
squirrel.windows an installation and update framework for Windows desktop apps.
squishit a free library to compress and minify CSS and JavaScript dynamically in ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC
sitecore-workflow Sitecore Workflows ensure that items move through a predefined set of states before they become publishable, usually intended to ensure that content receives the appropriate reviews and approvals befo…
sitefinity-4 Telerik's next generation Asp.net based web content management system for creating websites, intranets, portals and blogs
targetinvocationexception thrown by methods invoked through reflection
tracesource null
window-messages null
windows-2000 an operating system for use on both client and server computers.
vista64 64 Bit version of Windows Vista
visitors null
vnext null
refile a modern file upload library for Ruby applications.
ratpack Ratpack a toolkit for creating high performance web applications built on Java and Netty
qjson a qt-based library that maps JSON data to QVariant objects: JSON arrays will be mapped to QVariantList instances, while JSON objects will be mapped to QVariantMap.
r6 The R6 package provides a type of class which is similar to R’s standard reference classes, but it is more efficient and doesn’t depend on S4 classes and the methods package
querypath a PHP library for manipulating XML and HTML
serializearray null
schemacrawler a free database schema discovery and comprehension tool.
rugged Ruby open source bindings for libgit2, a native git library
robocode a programming game, where the goal is to develop a robot battle tank to battle against other tanks in Java or .NET
onmouseclick null
photo-upload null
psycopg a popular PostgreSQL adapter for the Python programming language
ipconfig view and modify network IP-related settings.
vuefire Firebase bindings for Vue.js
sage-erp Sage enterprise and accounting software
autodiscovery Autodiscovery refers to any mechanism which uses metadata to infer relationships between two data sources
enterprise-library-6 a collection of application blocks designed to assist developers with common enterprise development challenges
background-transfer Background Transfer for Windows Phone or Windows Store apps
teardown the process that occurs after a test has been run to reverse all the things that the test setup
teiid a data virtualization system by JBoss that allows applications to use data from multiple, heterogenous data stores.
jsvc a set of libraries and applications for making Java applications run on UNIX more easily.
jsperf JavaScript performance playground
xml-formatting null
y86 an academic simplification of the 80x86 CPU architecture
www-mechanize-firefox WWW::Mechanize::Firefox - use Firefox as if it were WWW::Mechanize
workbox a JavaScript library that can power your Progressive Web App's service worker
rfe Recursive Feature Elimination
blazegraph an open-source RDF/graph database capable of clustered deployment
django-profiles a module that allows you to add additional fields that extend the User Profile provided by Django.
angular2-di null
lineargradientbrush null
xbase a structured format for storing data in files and indexes
datamart the access layer of the data warehouse environment that is used to get data out to the users
datanitro DataNitro integrates Python with Excel.
data-paging null
qt5.8 Tag this only for the issues specific for Qt 5.8 and not for other versions.
transport-stream a Audio/Video container format used to encapsulate a multimedia stream containing audio, video and other metadata
range-query null
iptv null
sttwitter A comprehensive Objective-C library for Twitter REST API 1.1 http://www.github.com/nst/sttwitter
counting-sort null
counterclockwise an Eclipse plugin to help developers write Clojure code.
login-required login-required refers to `login_required` django view decorator
audiobuffer null
intellij-idea-2016 The popular IDE by JetBrains, specifically in its version '2016'.
redeclare null
google-apps-script-editor Use for questions about Google Apps Script Editor which do not involve actual script development issues.
urlvariables null
personality-insights The IBM Watson Personality Insights service uses linguistic analytics to infer cognitive and social characteristics, including Big Five, Values, and Needs, from communications that the user makes avai…
origen-sdk an open source platform for creating semiconductor engineering applications written in Ruby
osgeo null
jmapviewer an open-source OpenStreetMap viewer for Java applications.
font-awesome-5 for questions relating to Font Awesome 5 and upgrading from previous versions.
fontconfig a library for configuring and customizing font access.
mathprog a modeling language intended for describing linear mathematical programming models
workmanagers null
jquery-ui-theme jQuery UI uses a CSS Framework to help developers create custom jQuery widgets and plugins.
jrun an application server, from Adobe, used for developing and deploying Java applications
tacit-programming a programming paradigm in which a function definition does not include information regarding its arguments, using combinators and function composition inst…
xhtml-transitional null
dropdownchoice null
deflatestream Microsoft .NET built-in support for standards-compliant Deflate algorithm .
antbuilder a software tool for automating software build processes
image-generation null
reportmanager a browser-based report access and management tool for use with SQL Server Reporting Services.
request-timed-out null
desktop-app-converter For issues with use of Microsoft's Desktop App Converter tool or apps converted with the tool.
system.io.fileinfo null
system.management null
scala-macro-paradise Designed to reliably work with production releases of the Scala Compiler, the Macro Paradise plugin makes the latest macro developments available long before they end up in future shipping releases of…
spring-mvc-initbinders null
ido Ido provides a very convenient way to find files and switch buffers in Emacs.
breakpoint-sass Breakpoint: A SASS/Compass extension to set media queries
xsbt-web-plugin An sbt plugin for building Scala Web applications
consumption null
ssh2-exec PHP function to execute a command on a remote server using ssh protocol.
tinyurl a URL shortening service, a web service that provides short aliases for redirection of long URLs.
officewriter a .NET library that allows you to generate, manipulate, and read Excel and Word documents from your own applications without the need to have Microsoft Office installed
plagiarism-detection null
pixastic a JavaScript library which allows you to perform a variety of operations, filters and fancy effects on images using just a bit of JavaScript.
phpmd a code quality analysis tool for PHP, similar to PMD for Java.
expression-web a professional development and design tool to create modern, standards-based Web sites that use PHP, HTML/XHTML, CSS, JavaScript, ASP.NET or ASP.NET AJAX.
ab-initio a fourth generation data analysis, batch processing, data manipulation graphical user interface -based parallel processing product which is commonly used to extract, tra…
compound-literals null
composite-id null
lpr The Line Printer Remote protocol is a network protocol for submitting print jobs to a remote printer.
glteximage2d null
libgcrypt null
sourcegear-vault a commercial, proprietary revision control system by SourceGear LLC which markets its product as a replacement for Microsoft's Visual Source Safe.
awt-eventqueue null
sigchld null
naturallyspeaking Nuance Communications' Dragon speech recognition software that includes an API
wofstream The C++ standard library type std::wofstream is a specialized std::wostream which uses a std::wfilebuf to write wide chars or wide strings to a file.
wml a markup language intended for devices that implement the Wireless Application Protocol specification.
winsockets null
eabi Relating to ARM, MIPS, PowerPC, etc EABI calling conventions and interoperability
eloqua A commercial service provider for marketing automation owned by Oracle
emblem.js Ember-targeting, indentation-base templating language that compiles to Handlebars.js
falcon an open source, multi-paradigm programming language.
factor-lang a concatenative programming language that was influenced by Forth, Joy and Lisp.
figwheel Figwheel builds your ClojureScript code and hot loads it into the browser as you are coding.
format-conversion applied to questions about conversion data from one format to another.
function-expression null
getorgchart Questions about GetOrgChart javascript library
gwt-2.5 a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
icacls Windows command that displays or modifies discretionary access control lists on specified files, and applies stored DACLs to files in specified directories
helicontech a company providing Microsoft IIS add-ins.
http-tunneling a technique by which communications performed using various network protocols are encapsulated using HTTP.
httpresponsemessage null
ntfs-mft an integral component of the NTFS file system
ntlmv2 null
nsubiquitouskeyvaluestore A server backed key-value storage system available on Apple's iOS and OS X platforms meant for syncing data between devices.
nsfont NSFont objects represent fonts to an application, providing access to characteristics of the font and assistance in laying out glyphs relative to one another
nameof a form of reflection
multiple-insert null
mps With MPS you can design your own extensible DSLs and start using them right away to build end-user applications
mklink a Windows command line utility that manages NTFS symbolic links, hard links, and directory junctions, included in versions NT 6.0 and higher.
md5-file null
mci a high-level API providing standard commands for playing multimedia devices and recording multimedia resource files.
internal-load-balancer null
javax.sound.midi Provides interfaces and classes for I/O, sequencing, and synthesis of MIDI data.
lockbox-3 a native-code open source cryptographic library written in Delphi.
loadnibnamed null
link-to-remote null
knockout-kendo a JavaScript library that supports declarative data binding, dependency tracking, and automatic UI updates.
whatsapi part of Chat API, a PHP library for interfacing to WhatsApp Messenger
clientaccesspolicy.xml clientaccesspolicy.xml file enables cross-domain access in Silverlight
bootstrap-tokenfield a plugin that makes it easy to add tagging or tokenizing features to a website.
dpkt A python library for fast, simple packet creation and parsing, with definitions for basic TCP/IP protocols.
docusigncompositetmplts Questions related to **DocuSign Composite Templates**, a DSL focused on compositing together multiple sources of documents of any type, field-tagged PDFs, templates, and explicit sets of tags, recipie…
database-testing null
dandelion a free and Open Source Java framework aimed at making web development simpler in JVM-based environments
dajax a set of AJAX libraries for Django
datasheet null
decidable languages such that the problem of whether a given word belongs to it or not is decidable
delete-record null
content-editor null
cookielib The cookielib module defines classes for automatic handling of HTTP cookies
copy-assignment null
cryptostream null
excel-automation Use of Excel components and functionality from code, instead of using the GUI
ember-2.0.0 For issues relating to development with Ember.js, version 2.0.
exchange-server-2003 null
code-rally null
code-separation null
azure-iot-sdk SDKs for a variety of languages and platforms that help connect devices to Microsoft Azure IoT services
argouml a leading open source UML modeling tool.
asp.net-development-serv null
acts-as-votable is a Ruby on Rails gem that provides voting for models.
aec Acoustic Echo Cancellation, a feature of Adobe Flash.
akka-supervision In Akka supervision describes a dependency relationship between actors: the supervisor delegates tasks to subordinates and therefore must respond to their failures
access-levels Access level modifiers determine whether other classes can use a particular field or invoke a particular method.
accumarray a MATLAB function that is used to accumulate elements in a vector or matrix based on another vector or matrix of indices
acm SHOULD NOT BE USED
dfsort IBM's high-performance sort, merge, copy, analysis, and reporting product for z/OS.
cfgrid a tag in ColdFusion is used to create data grids: two dimensional spreadsheet-type view
rootfs a directory structure suitable as an initial mount point for *nix systems
dfc the primary Java interface library for EMC's Documentum.
roundtrip null
j# a discontinued transitional language for programmers of Java and Visual J++ languages, so they may use their existing knowledge and applications on .NET Framework.
suitetalk NetSuite's SOAP-based web services API
sulu a content management platform based on Symfony made for businesses.
metronic a bootstrap powered HTML5/JS/CSS framework
roracle Oracle database interface driver for R
package-management The general process of managing and maintaining packages; not to be confused with the related tag, , which is focused on t…
3d-engine a software program used for rendering three dimensional graphics based on models.
powermail a well-known, powerful and easy to use mailform extension for TYPO3.
.emf Enhanced Windows MetaFile format
adox stands for Microsoft's ActiveX Data Objects.
azure-functions-runtime null
avcapturemoviefileoutput null
apache2-module null
color-codes a hexadecimal number that represents a color in HTML
ex a line editor which serves as the foundation of vi
dd-wrt a Linux-based 3rd-party replacement firmware for wireless routers, originally for Linksys routers but now supporting a wide variety of brands.
data-formats null
datafeed null
datadirectory DataDirectory broadly covers where an application expects to find data files and where an installer puts data files.
dllnotfoundexception null
border-color a CSS property that defines the color of the four sides of an element's border
balloon-tip a special kind of tooltip which looks like a speech balloon.
bicubic an extension of cubic interpolation for interpolating data points on a two dimensional regular grid
chronoforms a Form builder and manager for Joomla, it is available for Joomla 1.5, 1.6, 1.7 and Joomla 1.0
ceiling null
pollingduplexhttpbinding null
jwilder-nginx-proxy Questions related to the docker image
javax.crypto The javax.crypto package contains standard java classes for various cryptographic operations
isam ISAM stands for Indexed Sequential Access Method, a method for indexing data for fast retrieval, originally developed by IBM.
managed-property mechanism of injecting managed bean into the property of another managed bean, by using @ManagedProperty annotation
massmail null
member-pointers null
multi-dimensional-scaling null
myob a company that produces a number of accounting packages aimed at different company sizes and requirements
non-latin null
node.js-connect a middleware framework for Node.js
html5-draggable one of the HTML5 feature which allows users to drag and drop any element inside the page.
hook-menu This hook enables Drupal modules to register paths in order to define how URL requests are handled.
heapster null
hg-git A tool for communicating changes between mercurial and git.
implicit-typing a term proposed on this Wiki for any language typing system which requires few or no type annotations -- as…
insight a graphical front-end for GDB, the GNU Debugger, developed by RedHat
hangouts-api The Google+ Hangouts API lets users develop collaborative apps that run inside a Google+ Hangout
google-python-api designed for Python client-application developers
git-index where Git keeps changes made to versioned files and what it uses when it creates a new node in history graph
gmail-addons Questions related to Gmail Add-ons, the modern developer platform that allows custom sidebars and buttons to be added to the Gmail user interface.
friend-class In object-oriented programming to allow access to data of a class in another class, the latter class is declared as a friend class.
fluxible a pluggable, singleton-free container for isomorphic Flux applications.
flipkart an online Shopping of Books, Mobile Phones, Digital Cameras, Laptops, Watches, Clothing & Other Products at Best Price in India
fitsharp a set of open-source web-based functional testing tools for .NET, inspired by the Framework for Integrated Test.
fixeddocument null
fiware-cosmos an implementation of the Big Data GE, allowing the deployment of private computing clusters based on Hadoop ecosystem.
facebook4j an open-sourced, mavenized Java library
ex-unit the testing framework for elixir
dynamic-scope a method of variable scoping where variables are bound based upon the call stack, instead of where they are defined.
wistia Provides video hosting for businesses and personal users.
dot42 Development environment for writing Android apps in C#.
bind9 an application that enables your computer to function as a DNS server.
computer-science-theory a division or subset of general computer science and mathematics which focuses on more abstract or mathematical aspects of computing and includes the theory of co…
computability null
dx a tool that comes with the Android SDK that is used to convert java bytecode to dalvik bytecode
phpstorm-2017.1 The successor to PhpStorm 2016.3
skproduct Objects returned as part of an SKProductsResponse object that contain information about a product you previously registered in iTunes Connect
sktextureatlas a collection of related texture objects created from a texture atlas stored inside the app bundle
noncopyable used as a base class to make a C++ type unable to be copied or assigned
pivotal-web-services null
offsetof Anything related to the C and C++ `offsetof` macro
ccache a compiler cache
connection-leaks null
console2 a Windows console window enhancement
echonest Questions about the Echo Nest API
hugs a functional programming system based on Haskell 98.
motordriver null
hungarian-algorithm a combinatorial optimization algorithm that solves the assignment problem, that of finding a maximum weight matching in a bipartite graph, in polynomial time.
brightway for questions about the Brightway2 life cycle assessment software.
multiprocessor null
multistore used to define multiple standalone online stores for specific target.
multi-upload null
klocwork a static source code analysis tool for C, C++, Java and C#.
uialertviewdelegate The `UIAlertViewDelegate` protocol defines the methods a delegate of a `UIAlertView` object should implement
java-opts null
system.exit null
datestamp null
datetime-comparison null
convention-over-configur null
control-theory Anything related to control theory, i.e
db2-connect an independent product used as a database client driver to connect IBM host database servers like zOS and i-Series servers.
automapper-4 null
bdc a feature in Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 which allows SharePoint to display data from SAP, Siebel, or other line-of-business application …
livewires a Python package designed to be used as part of the programming course, a course intended to teach Python to young, first-time programmers
list-manipulation List manipulation covers all operations on a list with respect to its contents.
jcodec an open source pure java implementation of video and audio codecs and formats.
openmq an open source message-oriented middleware project by Sun Microsystems that implements the Java Message Service 2.0 API
nssegmentedcontrol An NSSegmentedControl object implements a linear set of two or more segments, each of which functions as a button.It is available in OS X v10.3 and later
xlabs an open source project that aims to provide a powerful and cross platform set of controls and helpers tailored to work with Xamarin Forms.
xmldoc XML doc are comments that form the documentation for C# programs
zf3 a 5.6+ MVC framework and component library.
esoteric-languages languages designed to push the boundaries of accepted programming language design, either as a joke or as a proof of concept.
symfony-process Symfony Process component executes commands in sub-processes.
chomp a function in Perl/Ruby to remove newline at the end of a string,
strict-mode According to Mozilla Developer Network, ECMAScript 5's strict mode is a way to opt in to a restricted variant of JavaScript
wp-nav-walker null
pyperclip A cross-platform clipboard module for Python.
maven-enforcer-plugin The Maven Enforcer Plugin provides goals to control certain environmental constraints such as Maven version, JDK version and OS family along with many more standard rules and user created rules.
maven-module null
jlink a tool used in Java 9 or higher to assemble and optimize a set of modules and their dependencies into a custom runtime image
jinput a Java API for accessing input controllers, originally intended for game controllers.
action-button The action bar allows you to add buttons for the most important action items relating to the app's current context.
approximate 'close enough' to some target value.
apps-for-office Add-ins for office extend Microsoft Office documents using JavaScript and web technologies.
uploadcare a service for uploading images and other files using API or HTML form widget, and storing them in CDN
uri-scheme A Uniform Resource Identifier scheme is the top level of the uniform resource identifier naming structure
google-app-indexing null
google-app-engine-php PHP language version of Google App Engine
self-updating capable of replacing itself or parts of itself with newer versions of all or specific program parts, sometimes omitting any user interaction.
sendmailr Questions pertaining to using an SMTP client for sending email with R
pdostatement A prepared statement using PHP's _PHP Data Objects_ extension.
instantiationexception thrown when an application tries to create an instance of a class using the newInstance method in class Class, but the specified class object cannot be instantiated.
ngmock The ngMock module provides support to inject and mock Angular services into unit tests
papi PAPI provides the tool designer and application engineer with a consistent interface and methodology for use of the performance counter hardware found i…
parametric-equations null
iphone-sdk-3.1 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.
iphone-sdk-4.1 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.1.
qdatetime a class from the Qt toolkit which provides functions for working with both dates and times.
quickbase a web-based database application with a XML based API.
texreg Package for conversion of R regression output to LaTeX or HTML tables
datapoint stored in the DataPointCollection class.
xattr for questions about extended attributes on files in a file system.
qsplitter The QSplitter class, part of the Qt framework, implements a splitter widget.
riak-search null
proof-of-correctness Formal mathematical argument that an algorithm meets its specication, i.e
front-camera near the display on the front side
yahoo-messenger Yahoo! Messenger is an advertisement-supported instant messaging client and associated protocol provided by Yahoo!.
yandex-api Web APIs from Russian internet company Yandex , including Maps, Money, Metrica, Direct, Disk, and Webmaster
xmltask null
zurb-joyride for questions relating to Joyride, a jQuery site tour wizard.
zappa a framework that sits on top of Express and Socket.io
zend-guard a PHP encoding and obfuscation product that makes it harder to reverse engineer an application.
head.js a tiny script that speeds up, simplifies and modernizes your site.
yii-cmodel one the basic classes of the : http://stackoverflow.com/tags/yii/info
database-scan null
database-cursor null
background-mode null
croogo a free and open source content management system, built on top of the CakePHP framework.
createquery null
python-textprocessing Creation or manipulation of text using Python.
pygit2 a set of Python bindings to the libgit2 shared library.
angular-compiler-cli null
api-management APIs deliver data and information to apps, enabling innovative businesses to transform themselves
plcrashreporter null
oracle-manageddataaccess a data access namespace in ODP.Net which is used in contrast with Oracle.DataAccess
pci-bus Peripheral Component Interconnect, PCI bus is the most used bus in computers during the late 1990's and early 2000's
paypal-webhooks null
particle-swarm In computer science, particle swarm optimization is a computational method that optimizes a problem by iteratively trying to improve a candidate solution with regard to a given measure of qualit…
routeparams null
qmenubar The QMenuBar class, part of the Qt framework, provides a horizontal menu bar.
realm-java null
vms any operating system of the VMS family: OpenVMS, VAX/VMS, VAX-11/VMS, and VAX/VMS which run on the VAX, Alpha, and Itanium-based families of computers.
voyager a Laravel Admin Package that includes BREAD operations, a media manager, menu builder, and more.
vispy a high-performance interactive 2D/3D data visualization library
virtual-environment null
virtual-server A server, usually a Web server, that shares computer resources with other virtual servers
window.onunload The window object in JavaScript has an event handler called onload
webui null
websolr null
transactional-email null
trialware software designed to stop working after a certain period of time
tmpfs a common name for a temporary file storage facility on many Unix-like operating systems.
typo3-8.7.x TYPO3 CMS 8.7 LTS version-specific questions.
uint16 null
tablegateway the basic way to access database by zend-framework2
tform a Delphi VCL class encapsulating a standard application window.
std-bitset A C++ container class similar to an array but containing only bits, included in the <bitset> library.
startapp a monetization and distribution platform focusing on mobile applications.
stlmap null
step STEP , otherwise known as ISO 10303, provides a mechanism to describe product data throughout the life cycle of a product, independent from any particular sy…
stringescapeutils null
swagger-php The php swagger annotation and parsing library
spread-operator null
standardized Shifting and rescaling data to assure zero mean and unit variance.
shark-sql Shark has been subsumed by Spark SQL
sizewithfont null
svnant a third-party task for Apache Ant that provides an interface to Subversion revision control system.
symfony-validator Symfony component which provides , which are simple objects containing the rules for the validation.
storage-class-specifier null
stripping null
ubuntu-13.04 Ubuntu 13.04 was released on schedule on 25 April 2013.
versions-maven-plugin used when you want to manage the versions of artifacts in a project's POM.
rasterize null
rappid An HTML5 framework for for building visual tools, with the JointJS library at its core.
radchart a feature-rich charting control for the .Net platform developed by Telerik.
qtruby a cross-platform application framework Qt binding for Ruby.
reentrantreadwritelock a Java class providing the lock for working with multiple threads.
rights-management null
saltedhash null
salesforce-communities branded spaces for your employees, customers, and partners to connect
paredit an emacs minor mode for controlled editing of s-expressions.
onitemlongclicklistener an Android listener that can be registered on subclasses of AdapterView to receive long click events on their child views.
port-number identified for each address and protocol by a 16-bit number, commonly known as the port number.
project-settings null
privacy-policy For question regarding the privacy rules and policies of used applications, frameworks, APIs, and services.
api-versioning null
related-content null
background-repeat A CSS Property that defines whether or not background property of an element should to fill the entire element if the background is smaller than the element
yowsup a Python library that allows you to login and use the WhatsApp service and provides you with all capabilities of an official WhatsApp client, allowing you to create a full-fledged custom Wha…
yajra-datatable null
wwdc WWDC stands for the Worldwide Developer's Conference, a conference for iOS and OS X developers held by Apple in San Francisco, in the Moscone West convention center.
xcode5.0.1 Xcode 5.0.1 adds support for development on OS X 10.9 Mavericks and other feature additions.
xcode7-beta4 a prerelease version of Xcode 7 supporting development of iOS, Mac OS X and watchOS apps
nested-views null
netbeans-7.2 NetBeans IDE 7.2 provides a significantly improved performance and coding experience, with new static code analysis capabilities in the Java Editor and smarter project scanning
cocosbuilder a free tool for rapidly developing games and apps
react-native-flexbox null
ioslides for questions related to ioslides, from R markdown.
django-extensions a pluggable django app that provides a collection of custom extensions and tools
xaml-designer null
program-counter The program counter , commonly called the instruction pointer in Intel x86 and Itanium microprocessors, and sometimes called the instruction address register , the instruction counter, o…
processmaker Open source web based workflow software and Business Process Management
commonsware **DEPRECATED**: Questions regarding CommonsWare's open source projects
verisign an American company based in Reston, Virginia that operates a diverse array of network infrastructure, including two of the Internet's thirteen root nameservers, the a…
io.js A maintained fork of Joyent's Node.js on the basis of community development, active releases, and semver.
inversifyjs a lightweight IoC container written in TypeScript.
tessnet2 a .NET open-source assembly using the Tesseract OCR engine.
httpapplication Defines the methods, properties, and events that are common to all application objects in an ASP.NET application
transfer-function a mathematical description of a system or part of a system
canexecute null
camlp4 a parsing and pretty-printing framework for Objective Caml, often used as a preprocessor to extend OCaml syntax.
logos a component of the Theos development suite that allows method hooking code to be written easily and clearly, using a set of special preprocessor directives.
appstats null
actioncontext a Struts 2 container for objects needed by the application when the action is executed.
activemq-cpp Apache ActiveMQ-CPP provides a rich C++ client for Apache ActiveMQ the most popular and powerful open source message broker
gpgme a library designed to make access to GnuPG easier for applications.
jira-zephyr available via connectors
fmi FMI stands for Functional Mockup Interface
angularjs-bindings null
wpf-extended-toolkit For issues relating to the Extended WPF Toolkit of Xceed.
onupdate null
boost-spirit-lex null
etw-eventsource a fast, scalable logging mechanism built into the Windows operating system
xming X server for windows
drupal-comments should be used for questions about node comments.
pysolr A lightweight Python library for connecting to an Apache SOLR instance.
openoffice-base the database management application of the OpenOffice project.
mongokit MongoKit framework try to keep its simplicity when you manage mongodb in python
mom Message Oriented Middleware
jcolorchooser a Java Swing component that enable users to choose a color from a palette of colors.
thickness Describes the thickness of a frame around a rectangle
thread-abort Thread.Abort raises an exception in the thread on which it was invoked, to begin terminating the thread.
file-organization refers to the method by which files are organized on a system.
image-morphology Used exclusively to perform operations related to the shape or morphology of objects present in an image.
missing-features those methods, functions, classes, etc
control-panel null
sbt-web a plugin for Scala's SBT build system, which provides a build pipeline for client-side assets, allowing SBT to be a full-stack build tool for Scala web applications.
google-domain-api With the Google+ Domains API, Google Apps customers and ISVs can build custom Google+ functionality and services for people who use Google Apps at college, at work, or at home
unit-conversion the process of applying an arithmetic transformation using a conversion factor to convert one textual representation of a quant…
unmanagedresources null
spring-loaded Java agent that enables class reloading in a running JVM
jquery-3 New features of jQuery 3.0 or changes in behaviour from jQuery 2.x to jQuery 3.x
kinect.toolbox a set of useful tools for developing with Kinect for Windows SDK
flipboard a social magazine application for Apple's iPad
security-constraint A security constraint define the access privileges to a collection of resources using their URL mapping.
addrange null
numerics null
rubaxa-sortable a minimalist JavaScript library for reorderable drag-and-drop lists on modern browsers and touch devices
mosync MoSync's open-source Software Development Kit and MoSync Reload enable mobile and web developers to build and compile apps for up to nine different mobile platforms with one single code base,…
st a high level text based programming language for PLCs
murmurhash a non-cryptographic hash function suitable for general hash-based lookup.
apache-tez aimed at building an application framework which allows for a complex directed-acyclic-graph of tasks for processing data.
ccmenuitem a class from the popular Cocos2d engine.
pitest a fast bytecode-based mutation testing system for Java.
grunt-contrib-less Compile LESS files to CSS.
slimbox a lightweight script similar to Lightbox.
aspnet-contrib null
dvr null
soundcard null
measures null
bindy a component for Apache-Camel for parsing/binding non-structured data to/from Java Beans.
binary-image Used for questions concerning images of two colors
splitpane used to divide two components
nat-traversal a general term for techniques that establish and maintain Internet protocol connections traversing network address translation gateways.
duktape a highly optimized embedded JavaScript engine for C/C++
elasticsearch-marvel a management and monitoring product for elasticsearch
fan-page null
fixed-length-record null
fileappender log4j FileAppender appends log events to a file
filterrific a Rails Engine plugin that makes it easy to filter, search, and sort your ActiveRecord lists.
grob stands for **gr**aphical **ob**ject, the generic drawing component in the grid framework of R graphics
gun a real-time, distributed, offline-first, graph database engine.
gulp-imagemin a gulp plugin for minification of SVG, PNG, JPEG and GIF images.
hivemq a MQTT broker, specifically for enterprises which find themself in the emerging age of Machine-to-Machine communication and the Internet of Things
ibm-jdk IBM's implementation of the Java Platform Standard Edition
object-construction For questions related to object construction, usually in an OOP environment.
name-decoration null
nemerle a general-purpose, multi-paradigm programming language for the .Net platform.
mklocalsearch MKLocalSearch helps to find nearby local points of interest.
mkpolygon The MKPolygon class represents a shape consisting of one or more points that define a closed polygon
modulation Anything related to *signal modulation*, i.e
mc an open-source orthodox file manager accompanied by Text-based user interface named `mcedit`.
mcafee a brand owned by McAfee Inc
interfacing null
intershop a Java based omni-channel e-commerce solution for B2C and B2B businesses
ionicons The premium icon font for Ionic Framework
jaws jaws has been renamed Serverless Framework
jedi-vim a is a VIM binding to the autocompletion library Jedi.
jax-ws-customization JAX-WS customization allows to setup WSDL to Java mapping and to control certain features
jhtmlarea A simple, light weight, extensible WYSIWYG HTML Editor built on top of jQuery
kendo-tooltip a Kendo widget that Customizable and themeable tooltip
knockout-templating a simple and convenient way to build reusable view pieces, at the same time providing the option of repeating or nested blocks because they can recursively call themselves.
laragon a set of bundled development tools based on Apache, PHP, and MySQL or MariaDB that runs on Windows.
ligature null
polymer-cli a command line interface for building, managing and deploying Polymer applications.
podofo a C++ library to work with the PDF file format.
cadence A global provider of Electronic Design Automation software and engineering services
client-library null
bgp a routing protocol that is primarily used to make routing decisions on today's internet.
bitrix a CMS written in php
bootcamp software included with Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard that lets users run compatible versions of Microsoft Windows on an Intel-based Mac.
bugsense a tool that collects and analyzes crash reports from mobile apps
byobu an enhancement for the terminal multiplexers GNU Screen or tmux that can be used to provide on screen notification or status as well as tabbed multi window management
bsearch a function that performs a binary search
downloadfileasync Downloads the specified resource to a local file as an asynchronous operation and returns a task object
dagre-d3 a JavaScript library that makes it easy to lay out directed graphs on the client-side
data-security Data Security means protecting a database from destructive forces and the unwanted actions of unauthorized user
data-tier-applications A Microsoft data-tier-application also known as a DAC is a self-contained unit of deployment that enables data-tier developers and DBAs to package SQL Server objects, including database and instance o…
deis An open source Platform-as-a-Service inspired by Heroku and built on Docker and Kubernetes.
demandware an SaaS e-commerce platform that utilizes a JavaScript-style scripting language, a templating language called ISML, and an extendable pipeline.
executemany A method to prepare a database query or command and execute it against all parameters found in a sequence or mapping of parameters.
codesys a development environment for programming controller applications according to the international industrial standard IEC 61131-3
comctl32 Comctl32.dll - common controls library build-in Windows system.
comaddin null
custom-action-filter In ASP.NET MVC, controllers define action methods that usually have a one-to-one relationship with possible user interactions, such as clicking a link or submitting a form
curlpp C++ wrapper for libcurl
custom-draw null
auto-vectorization null
aescryptoserviceprovider null
2dsphere Index that supports queries that calculate geometries on an earth-like sphere
cvxpy a Python-embedded modeling language for convex optimization problems inspired by the MATLAB package CVX.
afp AFP stands for
gaps-in-visuals refers to blank, white, or empty areas in webpages, images, GUIs, etc.
difftime A function in R that calculates the difference of two times.
eer-model The enhanced or extended entity–relationship model is a high-level or conceptual data model incorporating extensions to the original entity–relationship model, used in the design of databas…
effective-c++ Tag for implementing and understanding guidelines and recommendations in any of the books More Effective C++: 35 New Ways to Im…
ehcache-bigmemory an extension to the Enterprise Ehcache that allows java system to cache large amounts of data in process but free of the constraints of garbage collection.
iterative-deepening null
kableextra null
pathing null
cgeventtap null
pass-by-pointer a concept that refers to passing the address of a variable to a function.
suitecommerce a NetSuite technology that enables businesses to build multi-channel, multi-location business from ecommerce, POS and order management to merchandising, marketing, inventory, financia…
metacharacters non-alphanumeric characters which are part of the processing model of a program rather than the literal value of a string
buildfire Click and Edit-style framework for creating mobile apps for iOS & Android.
didset in Swift this defines a property observer that executes code after a new value has been set
dialyzer a tool that detects discrepancies in programs written in Erlang.
uvc a short for USB Video device Class and it is a USB device class that describes devices capable of streaming video like webcams, digital camcorders, transcoders, analog vi…
roo-gem a ruby gem which provides an interface to Open Office, Excel, and Google Spreadsheets.
airconsole AirConsole development specific questions such as the AirConsole API or the AirConsole plugins.
custom-formatting null
acaccountstore The ACAccountStore class provides an interface for accessing, manipulating, and storing accounts
adobe-premiere a non-linear digital video editor targeted at media production professionals and serious amateurs
amplifyjs a set of components designed to solve common web application problems with a simplistic API.
android-dialer null
ardent a package that provides self-validating smart models for the Laravel framework's Eloquent O/RM.
cyclicbarrier A synchronization aid that allows a set of threads to all wait for each other to reach a common barrier point
crashlytics-beta can be used for topics related to crashlytics / fabric beta testing feature.
destruction null
dirpagination truly plug-n-play
dirichlet a family of continuous multivariate probability distributions.
dita-ot Questions about the DITA Open Toolkit, an open-source reference implementation of transformations from DITA XML to various end-user deliverables, including HTML and PDF.
dithering an intentionally applied form of noise used to randomize quantization error, preventing large-scale patterns such as color banding in images.
browser-security null
bufferedoutputstream An abstract mechanism for writing data to a stream via a buffer, for improved writing performance
bitronix a company that produces Open Source software and provides services specializing in large-scale deployment and applications integration
betfair should be used only on questions that are about programmatic access to the Betfair API features.
beyondcompare4 a data comparison utility
clr4.0 null
cocoahttpserver a small, lightweight, embeddable HTTP server for Mac OS X or iOS applications.
lighthouse an open-source, automated tool for improving the quality of web pages
linphone-sdk null
localconnection a communication method for synchronizing iFrames in same window
maintenance-mode null
laravel-mail null
lerp a function which Interpolates between two values in a specific time `t` to create smooth animations.
jform null
jeromq a pure Java implementation of libzmq
methodhandle for questions regarding MethodHandle/MethodHandles Java classes from java.lang.invoke API.
mod-php PHP installed as an Apache module
mindmapping null
newid a SQL Server function which creates a unique value of type uniqueidentifier.
nsvalue a simple container for a single C or Objective-C data item
histogram2d null
guvnor the repository and management tools for the SOA repository - where you store assets/interface contracts, and a web interface to manage it all .
happens-before Happens-before relates to multi-threading applications where logic has happened before a sequence of thread logic has occurred.
google-scholar Google Scholar provides a simple way to broadly search for scholarly literature
getdirectories null
filetree null
filesplitting null
file.readalllines null
fenwick-tree a fast data structure for storing and maintaining cumulative frequency tables.
ffbase Basic statistical functions for package ff
flow-js a JavaScript library providing multiple simultaneous, stable, fault-tolerant and resumable/restartable file uploads via the HTML5 File API
elasticsearch-x-pack null
eco Embedded Coffeescript templates lets you embed coffeescript directly in your templates.
dspack a set of Components and class to write Multimedia Applications using MS Direct Show and DirectX technologies
drupal-services The Services module provides a standardized solution for integrating external applications with Drupal.
drawbitmap null
eyed3 a Python tool for working with audio files, specifically mp3 files containing ID3 metadata .
export-to-text null
exitstatus null
everyplay an SDK for iOS that integrates into your game engine and enables you to record and share your gaming moments.
endl For issues relating to the std::endl output-only I/O manipulator.
ncache an extremely fast and scalable in-memory distributed cache that caches application data and reduces expensive database trips
mysql-error-1146 Error 1146 - Table 'dbname.tablename' doesn't exist
wmi-service null
spn A Service Principal Name distinguishes a Kerberos-protected service running on an IP host as a unique entity on a Kerberos-protected network.
continuation null
lib-nfc the first libre, platform-independent, low level NFC SDK and Programmers API.
libmemcache the C API for memcached, a high-performance, distributed memory object caching system.
visual-c++-2015 The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows .
asp.net-mvc-sitemap a tool that provides flexible menus, breadcrumb trails, and SEO features for the ASP.NET MVC framework, similar to the ASP.NET SiteMapProvider model
expressionbuilder null
php-parser null
class-constructors null
mod-dav-svn null
nokiax a customized platform that was built on the Android Open Source Project and ran on the Nokia X line of low-end smartphones
skphysicscontact A SKPhysicsContact object describes the contact between two physics bodies.
catch-all a mail server configuration to forward all incoming email to one domain and redirect it to a specific recipient.
console-output null
xpdf an open-source PDF viewer for the X Window System and Motif.
easing-functions ...functions attributed to Robert Penner for moving objects smoothly from one on-screen position to another with the illusion of smooth acceleration, deceleration and mass.
mouse-coordinates null
rubular A Ruby-based regular expression editor and tester.
numba-pro NumbaPro - enhanced version of Numba, adding GPU support
rubymine-7 RubyMine 7 comes with a new plugin that integrates Chef to help you build, deploy and manage your infrastructure.
greendao-generator an object/relational mapping tool for Android
gretty a feature-rich gradle plugin for running web-apps on embedded servlet containers
flash-video Questions related to creation, transmission, reception and playback of flash video using Adobe Flash technologies, including player.
kissfft a lightweight FFT implementation in C
multitexturing the use of more than one texture at a time on a polygon.
multiple-repositories null
mail-sender null
spring-social-twitter a module within the Spring Social family of projects that enables you to connect your Spring application with the Twitter REST API.
dnspython a Python package that provides high and low level access to DNS
facebook-graph-api-v2.4 The primary way for apps to read and write to the Facebook social graph.
autogeneratecolumn a GridView/DataGrid property that helps create columns automatically.
dbaccess a freely distributed ORM for use on iOS & MacOS X, created by iPresent inc.
fileresult null
answer-set-programming a declarative programming paradigm that can solve difficult search problems
anpr a surveillance method that uses optical character recognition on images to read the license plates on vehicles.
tfs-web-access a web interface to Microsoft Team Foundation Server project data.
jdbc-pool a pool of JDBC connections to a common data source
weakhashmap A special data structure in Java, a WeakHashMap is a hashtable-based Map with weak keys, meaning when a key has been discarded its entry is effectively removed from the map.
web-animations null
objectquery null
drives null
string-decoding null
oodbms An object or object-oriented database management system is a database management system in which data is stored in the form of objects
react-data-grid Excel-like grid component built with React, with editors, keyboard navigation, copy & paste
rythm a Java template engine inspired by C#'s Razor
matrix-decomposition In the mathematical discipline of linear algebra, a matrix decomposition or matrix factorization is a factorization of a matrix into a product of matrices.
pentaho-ctools Pentaho - Community Tools
parallel-python Parallel Python provides mechanism for parallel execution of python code on SMP and clusters
windows-nt a family of modern, commercial, portable, shared-source, hybrid-kernel operating systems developed by Microsoft.
horizon a realtime, open-source backend for JavaScript apps.
htl HTL - the Apache Sling XSS-aware template language
cannon.js a lightweight and simple 3D physics engine for the web.
qdir a class from the Qt toolkit which provides access to directory structures and their contents.
corner-detection an approach used within computer vision systems to extract certain kinds of features and infer the contents of an image
queuing null
datapersistance null
ms-wopi Web Application Open Platform Interface Protocol
compact-database null
django-filer File and Image Management Application for django
black-box a device, system or object which can be viewed in terms of its input, output and transfer characteristics without any knowledge of its internal workings.
code-comments null
react-native-firebase for the react-native-firebase npm package.
property-binding null
yandex-maps a Russian Internet company which operates the largest search engine in Russia with about 60% market share in that country
yaml-front-matter null
xmlstreamreader null
yii-widgets Components for the PHP-based yii framework
zend-framework-routing null
jstat A JavaScript statistical library
lbph-algorithm Local Binary Patterns Histogram Algorithm
registerclientscriptblock null
createthread null
static-array null
stateserver a session-state mode in ASP.NET, which indicates to store session state in a separate process called the ASP.NET state service
nexus-one Mobile phone manufactured by HTC Corporation and using Android as operating system
safe-browsing a service provided by Google that enables applications to check URLs against Google's constantly updated lists of suspected phishing and malware pages.
principles Use for questions related to programming principles; Principles describe laws or rules that according to their proponents are nearly universal truths in software engineering.
promotion-code null
python-coverage a tool for measuring code coverage of Python programs
pydicom a pure Python package for working with DICOM files such as medical images, reports, and radiotherapy objects.
plone-3.x a free and open source content management system built on top of the Zope application server
opengrok a code search tool from Oracle.
pari a C library targeted at number theorists and mathematicians allowing fast number-theoretic computations , also including routines for compu…
page-init a jQuery Mobile event triggered on the page being initialized, after initialize occurs
page-zoom null
ou OU stands for Organizational Unit
pcf an IBM technology used for communicating with IBM MQ queue managers.
risc RISC stands for Reduced Instruction Set Computing and is a CPU design strategy that uses a small and simplified, but highly optimized, set of instructions.
rsh a shell program which is used to connect to a remote host and execute one specified command.
rpa a technology based on the notion of software robots or artificial intelligence workers.
remote-backup null
quadprog a library for solving quadratic programming optimization problems
vibed an async i/o and web programming framework for D
userspace null
windev WINDEV, a powerful IDE & ALM suite, lets you build strategic projects easily and quickly thanks to its total integration, ease-of-use and cutting-edge technology
winnovative a library that can be used in any type of .NET application, either ASP.NET web sites or Windows Forms and WPF applications, to convert URLs, HTML strings and stre…
user-inactivity Questions related to the detecting or handling of inactivity events by the user.
transducer null
stocktwits a real-time social network for investors and traders
svprogresshud SVProgressHud for iOS
svg-edit web-based, JavaScript-driven SVG drawing editor that works in any modern browser.
terminfo a database of terminal capabilities use by applications that require information about the terminal's features.
software-defined-radio the implementation of radio receiver, detector and transmitter systems in software, as opposed to analog hardware or application-specific ICs
smart-wizard a jQuery plugin, developed by TechLaboratory, that can be used to create wizard-like interfaces.
shellexecuteex perform action on a file system object
spree-auth-devise null
spooler A program that controls spooling -- putting jobs on a queue and taking them off one at a time
spring-cloud-consul null
sqlcommandbuilder Automatically generates single-table commands that are used to reconcile changes made to a DataSet with the associated SQL Server database.
sharp-snmp a set of SNMP libraries and tools for Windows and other platforms.
simpleitk null
silverstripe-4 the latest version of the SilverStripe open source CMS and framework
smartsvn a commercial cross-platform graphical Subversion client developed by WANdisco.
tern a JavaScript code analyzer that is intended to improve the support a text editor has for JavaScript coding
textinputlayout null
substance a modern, customizable and high-performing look & feel for Java applications that use the Swing UI toolkit
strncmp a string comparison function found in languages like C and C++
steamworks-api the official API for development for Steam games, applications, etc
traffic-measurement null
weibo a Chinese microblogging website
webdriver-manager a binary manager for end-to-end testing for both web and mobile
vesta an open source hosting control panel that allows users to manage their own sites
qicon a class from the Qt toolkit which provides scalable icons in different modes and states.
r-plotly R package to create interactive web graphics via 'plotly.js'
scalikejdbc a tidy SQL-based DB access library for Scala developers
set-operations Set operations as a branch of set theory which includes operations such as: Union, Intersection, Subset, Set Difference, Symmetrical Set Difference, and Set Equality.
openexr a high dynamic-range image file format developed by Industrial Light & Magic for use in computer imaging applications.
orchardcms-1.10 a Content Management System build on top of ASP.NET
operations-research the application of quantitative techniques to decision making, typically involving mathematical optimization
playready the current DRM solution from Microsoft.
pre-authentication null
printstacktrace null
prolog-cut a special goal that serves as a control construct in the Prolog programming language.
laravel-scout null
large-file-upload null
nhibernate-envers Powerful audit trail integrated with NHibernate
zend-controller-router Standard router component in Zend Framework
xmpppy a Python library that provides support for the XMPP protocol .
xdr a standard for the description and encoding of data
fully-qualified-naming null
angular2-ngcontent null
azure-data-sync a service offered by Windows Azure to synchronize SQL Server and Windows SQL Azure Database instances
azure-authentication for questions related to Azure Authentication
django-pyodbc A 3rd-party database backend for Django that uses ODBC to query Microsoft SQL Server
django-modeltranslation null
line-count null
data-layer A data access layer in computer software, is a layer of a computer program which provides simplified access to data stored in persistent storage of some kind, such as an entity-relational databa…
datahandler null
quest Questions related to the PowerShell cmdlets from Quest Software
rangevalidator null
http.sys Microsoft Windows HTTP protocol stack file
stsadm null
fasttext a library for efficient learning of word representations and sentence classification
log4 null
markupbuilder null
mappings null
sendasync null
sem SEM stands for search engine marketing
upshot Client-side JavaScript library to work with remote data exposed over HTTP Web APIs
usb4java a Java library to access USB devices.
maven-gae-plugin Maven plugin for Google App Engine.
activepython A CPython distribution for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, Solaris, AIX and HP-UX, distributed by ActiveState.
actionbardrawertoggle null
ordinals Ordinal numbers, representing position in an order.
rx-py Reactive Extensions for Python
checkmarx Source code analyzer software which provides identifying, tracking and repairing technical and logical flaws.
taffydb an opensource library that brings database features into your JavaScript applications
xlpagertabstrip for question about the XLPagerTabStrip component library fro switching among a collection of view controllers using tabs.
nspredicateeditor a Cocoa class derived from the NSRuleEditor to allow creating simple or complex rules.
esqueleto The esqueleto EDSL for SQL queries which replaces Database.Persist
sybase-ase15 null
zerobrane a lightweight Lua IDE with code completion, syntax highlighting, remote debugger, code analyzer, live coding, and debugging support for several Lua engines.
objectscript a general purpose object-oriented programming language
mongo-collection null
h2db an open source SQL database engine written in Java
dblinq null
autogrow When it relates to HTML, autogrow refers to the auto-expansion of HTML element's width or height.
automatic-differentiation Also known as algorithmic differentiation, short AD
system.timers.timer part of the .NET framework and is a server-based timer, which allows you to specify a recurring interval at which the Elapsed event is raised in your application
facebook-rest-api null
dnx50 null
sca a software technology created by major software vendors including IBM and Oracle
uniformgrid null
null-character a control character with the value zero.
addtarget used to assign actions to UIControl elements in IOS.
webobjects Apple, Inc.'s set of pure-Java frameworks for building enterprise applications.
webpack-hot-middleware null
webseal a high performance, multi-threaded Web server that applies fine-grained security policy to the Tivoli Access Manager protected Web object space
boyer-moore a fast algorithm for the exact string matching problem.
mouse-picking null
rtcp a helper protocol for *Real-time Transport Protocol* .
easy68k a 68000 Structured Assembly Language `IDE`
xsltforms Open source, client-side implementation of XForms.
ssh2-sftp Request the SFTP subsystem from an already connected SSH2 server.
sslengine a Java 5.0 class which provides SSL/TLS services but is transport independent.
ssziparchive a simple utility class provided for zipping and unzipping files on iOS and Mac programmatically.
catalina.out When running Tomcat on unixes, the console output is usually redirected to the file named catalina.out.
office-pia Microsoft Office Primary Interop Assemblies allow code from a Microsoft Office project to interact with an MS Office application's COM-based object model.
oltu The Apache Oltu project delivers a Java development framework mainly aimed to build OAuth-aware applications
pkcs#1 a standard that defines the RSA algorithm and padding schemes.
pkg-resources null
modeladmin null
timesten a high performance event-processing software component that enables applications to capture, store, use, and distribute information in real-time, while preserving transactional integrity…
phpdocumentor2 a tool that makes it possible to generate documentation directly from your PHP source code
geocomplete an advanced jQuery plugin that wraps the Google Maps API's Geocoding and Places Autocomplete services
soap4r a SOAP implementation for Ruby developed by Hiroshi Nakamura
snowflake-datawarehouse The Snowflake Elastic Data Warehouse, developed by Snowflake Computing, is a cloud datawarehouse that provides a SQL interface to file-based and S3-based structured and semi-structured data.
external-dependencies null
android-thread null
51degrees .NET library for detecting devices and browsers
concordion an open source tool for writing automated acceptance tests in Java
lua-5.2 yieldable pcall and metamethods, new lexical scheme for globals, ephemeron tables, finalizers for tables etc.
gloss a simple vector graphics drawing package.
spfx a page and web part model that provides full support for client-side SharePoint development, easy integration with SharePoint data, and support for open source tooli…
indesign-server "Adobe® InDesign® CS6 Server software delivers a robust and scalable engine that leverages the design, layout, and typographical capabilities of Adobe InDesign CS6 software to enable you to programmat…
narrowing null
emgu null
dynamic-pages null
formattable null
form-post null
field-names null
gitlab-8 the GitLab 8.x specific tag
git-stage a list of files that will go to the next commit
google-slides a free presentation program part of a software office suite offered by Google within its Google Drive service
grafika an open-source SDK app which provides a collection of hacks for testing graphics features
hill-climbing a mathematical optimization technique which belongs to the family of local search
hilo HiLo algorithm used for generating Ids for databases
ibm-content-navigator a uniform and extendable user interface for a variety of content management systems from IBM
http-unit a Java library for the automatic stimulation and testing of web applications
html-generation null
ilgenerator null
nsusernotificationcenter an Objective-C class for the OS X AppKit and delivers application notifications to the global system notification center.
neko a cross-platform virtual machine that allows for the execution of both command-line and server-side Haxe applications.
my.settings null
mpmoviewcontroller A movie player manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream.
monitors an object or module intended to be used safely by more than one thread
modulus.io Modulus provides a hosting platform for Node.js with integrated MongoDB and statistics.
mention For tagging users or profile in text body based on delimiters like `@` or `#` similar to Twitter or Facebook.
memory-optimization null
jsdata a framework-agnostic, storage-agnostic, in-memory data store.
jaggery-js a framework to write webapps and HTTP-focused web services for all aspects of the application: front-end, communication, Server-side logic and persistence in pure Javascript.
laradock For issues relating to the laradock Docker PHP development environment.
jxcore a fork of the open source Node.js project
logstash-jdbc null
welcome-file null
clientscript null
celementtree an XML toolkit to parse a document-style XML file.
bitcoinj a Java implementation of the Bitcoin protocol, which allows it to maintain a wallet and send/receive transactions without needing a local copy of Bitcoin Core.
blpapi API to Bloomberg data services, available in a variety of languages
bytesio null
django-contrib a django package with a variety of extra, optional tools that solve common Web-development problems
directory-permissions null
delayedvariableexpansion Delayed variable expansion causes a Windows batch file to evaluate variables at run time instead of parse time.
debug-backtrace a PHP function that prints the backtrace.
databound-controls null
covariant null
custom-backend null
assistant null
audiostreamer null
android-viewmodel null
alloca a function to allocate dynamically memory on the Stack in C
acts-as-list null
12factor a methodology for building software-as-a-service apps.
post-install used for user-defined scripts that are executed by a package manager after the installation of a software package.
quick-search null
quickfixn A C# port of the QuickFIX engine, a library for communicating via the FIX protocol.
over-the-air null
aircrack-ng a tool that can be used to crack keys used in WEP protocols in wireless networks.
ajax-update The act of updating a part of HTML DOM tree based on ajax response.
akka.net-cluster when using the port of Akka to Microsoft .Net and specifically using clusters.
agile-processes QUESTIONS ABOUT SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT METHODS AND PRACTICES OR PROJECT MANAGEMENT ARE OFF-TOPIC
cfform ColdFusion enhanced forms
dial-up null
dictation null
microfocus A software company that helps you develop, test, deploy, assess and modernize business-critical enterprise applications using COBOL, PL/I, REXX, JCL and CICS
kali-linux QUESTIONS MUST BE PROGRAMMING RELATED
kendo-datetimepicker Kendo-datetimepicker allows the user to select a date and a time and to display the date and time with a specified format.
iterparse used by XML parsers for tracking changes to the tree while it is being built
supercomputers Supercomputers belong to a class of highly specialised hardware infrastructures, where high number of machines are typically pre-organised and smart-linked together with specialised high-speed low-lat…
cfqueryparam a ColdFusion tag that is used to parameterize values that are used in the `<cfquery>`
gcc5 Version 5.x of GCC .
qvtkwidget for questions related to `qvtkwidget`, a class of The Visualization ToolKit .
custom-field-type null
postgresql-10 for PostgreSQL questions specific to version 10
eject null
.nettiers a set of open source code generation templates that simplify the tasks of creating customized Application Tiers for your Microsoft.Net applications in just a few minutes.
acts-as-commentable null
acts-as-taggable null
audiovideoplayback The AudioVideoPlayback application programming interface provides for basic playback and simple control of audio and video files.
crouton an Android library for context-sensitive notifications
cqlengine Cassandra CQL Object Mapper for Python
cpu-cycles null
comfortable-mexican-sofa a powerful CMS Engine for your Rails 4 applications.
color-depth null
dataviewwebpart null
btle short for Bluetooth low energy, Bluetooth LE, or BLE, marketed as Bluetooth Smart, which is a wireless personal area network technology designed and marketed by the Bluetooth Special Interest …
browser-testing null
bottom-up null
bit-masks data used for bitwise operations.
bizspark a Microsoft initiative to get purchasable software into the hands of startup companies for free.
change-management The concept of using a defined method to ensure that changes to system architecture are controlled and organized.
chron An R package for Chronological objects which can handle dates and times, written by David James.
well-formed null
lov LOV, or list of values, refers to drop-down/pop-up lists in combo boxes often found in graphical-user-interface computer applications.
load-path null
liclipse a set of plugins to enhance Eclipse and improve the overall Eclipse experience
less-unix It's a UNIX command to display a file.
java.library.path null
jqgrid-inlinenav null
metatrader5 Trading platform to provide brokerage services in Forex, CFD, Futures and equity markets.
meteor-packages implemented in modular packages
maskededitextender null
managed-code Term defined by Microsoft designing code executed under the management of a Common Language Runtime virtual machine.
mkmapitem used to represent the data about a specific point on a map.
multiple-dispatch A technique for polymorphic invocation of methods based on the types of many arguments
neo4django a Django ORM integration of the Neo4j graph database
neography a thin Ruby wrapper to the Neo4j Rest API
nugetgallery the package manager for .net platform.
igoogle null
instantiation-error An instantiation error occurs in Prolog when an argument is insufficiently instantiated
instamojo Instamojo lets you collect payments instantly with just a link.
gulp-livereload Lightweight gulp plugin for LiveReload that is primarily used with LiveReload Chrome extension.
grouped-table null
git-shell A shell environment to the Git server which provide a SSH access
find-replace Use find-replace for questions related to automatically executing a sequence of search, deletion, and insertion operations to exchange one string for another
formmail null
formarray null
gdc The D Programming Language front-end for the GCC compiler
fw1 a lightweight convention-based MVC framework for CFML.
explicit-specialization null
native-sql null
natural-logarithm for questions related to Natural logarithm which is logarithm to the base `e`
sifr3 null
doubleanimation for questions related to DoubleAnimation .Net framework class for animating the value of a Double.
binary-decision-diagram In the field of computer science, a binary decision diagram or branching program, like a negation normal form or a propositional directed acyclic graph , is a data structure that is …
lpt null
dvorak An alternative keyboard layout optimized for typing English with less finger movement than the traditional QWERTY layout, making it easier to learn than QWERTY and allowing for higher typing speeds.
abstract-base-class In OOP , a base class that cannot be instantiated because some of its declared methods lack a definition, which is intended to be provided by derived classes
initrd used to load a temporary filesystem into memory in the boot process of a linux kernel.
topdown Top-down games, also sometimes referred to as bird's-eye view, Overworld, Godview, overhead view or helicopter view, when used refers to a camera angle that shows the player and the area around them …
mocha-phantomjs a feature-rich JavaScript test framework running on node and the browser.
skphysicsworld An SKPhysicsWorld object simulates collisions and other physical properties
ssmtp null
ssml a web standard for generating synthetic speech for voice-impaired users or device audio output.
connect-mongo null
xpinc IBM Lotus Notes XPages in the Notes Client
xquartz the X11 DDX that interfaces with Mac OS X
rss2 Really Simple Syndication , uses a standard web feed format to publish frequently updated information: blog entries, news headlines, audio, video
sqlresultsetmapping null
sql-mode null
broadcom a company designing chips and similar hardware for wireless and broadband communication.
webpack-plugin A bundler for javascript and friends
weblogic8.x The 8.x release of WebLogic Server, a Java EE application server suite from Oracle
address-space The set of addresses that the code of a process is able to refer to during its execution
security-context null
ruby-2.3.1 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.3.1
unit-type Tag for content pertaining to unit types such as Scala's `Unit` and Haskell's ``
java-batch null
spring-shell an interactive shell that can be easily extended with commands using a Spring based programming model
spring-properties null
magnification null
maildir a common way of storing e-mail messages, where each message is kept in a separate file with a unique name, and each folder is a directory.
kinematics the branch of mechanics dealing with the motion of points and objects.
magento2.2 questions related to Magento 2.2 version of PHP eCommerce software and platform
magic-quotes A security process that automatically escapes incoming data to the PHP script.
magento-layout-xml Questions about Magento's layout programming meta-language.
docbook-5 for a question related to DocBook version 5.
facebook-pop an extensible animation engine for iOS and OS X
facetime null
facebook-messages for question related to the messages one can send via Facebook.
automount For questions regarding the auto-mounting of filesystems, for example, automatic reading of usb storage, enabled in many operating systems.
auto-renewable null
file-properties null
hakyll A Haskell library for generating static websites
image-replacement null
image-editor null
hidapi a multi-platform library which allows an application to interface with USB and Bluetooth HID-Class devices on Windows, Linux, and Mac OS X.
sipml An open source HTML5 SIP client entirely written in javascript for integration in social networks , online games, e-commerce sites..
simple-openni the Processing wrapper for OpenNI and NITE
weave Weave: the Docker Network
the-little-schemer **The Little Schemer**, a book on recursive programming by Daniel P
zpt an HTML/XML generation tool.
drupal-5 the Drupal version released on January 15, 2007
tampering a process for doing Security testing of web application
working-set null
oscilloscope Laboratory instrument to observe changes of electric signals on the screen.
actionmode null
active-relation A Ruby Relational Algebra Library
matisse Matisse refers to the GUI-Builder module of the Netbeans IDE application
fontello A tool to combine icon webfonts for your own project
jni4net Bridge between Java and .NET
jjwt Use when referencing the JJWT library for the JVM and Android: https://github.com/jwtk/jjwt
pdf-scraping the process of getting data out of a PDF, this involves opening, reading and parsing the contents of the PDF to extract text, images, metadata or attachments
redistogo Simple Hosting for the Redis key-value store.
log4r a logging library for Ruby akin to Log4j for those coming from Java.
firefox-developer-edition a special version of Firefox, which targets web developers.
capacity-planning the science and art of estimating the space, computer hardware, software and connection infrastructure resources that will be needed over some future period of time.
pyvirtualdisplay null
transloadit Transloadit handles file uploading & file processing for your website or app
http-host set by the client to indicate the virtual host that should be used to fulfil the request.
textctrl A widget in the wxWidgets framework for displaying and editing text.
testcafe a pure node.js end-to-end solution for testing web apps.
msp An MSP refers to patch files for Windows Installer.
product-quantity null
qt3 For issues relating to using the Qt framework, version 3.
displaylist null
blank-nodes a kind of RDF terms, along with IRIs and literals
django-related-manager django-related-manager refers to the RelatedManager class that is used in Django to manage one-to-many or many-to-many related context
ri The Ruby documentation viewer, invoked through the command-line.
protobuf-c null
workgroup a collection of computers on a local area network that share common resources and responsibilities.
cloudkit-web-services null
teamsite an enterprise web content management system with demands—content authoring, multichannel delivery, site design and layout, multivariate testing, content targeting, rich me…
autobahnws Autobahn WebSocket allows bidirectional real-time messaging on the Web and WAMP adds asynchronous Remote Procedure Calls and Publish & Subscribe on top of WebSocket.
ng2-file-upload null
ng-app Use this directive to auto-bootstrap an AngularJS application
angularfire5 null
preemptive null
predix the operating system for the Industrial Internet
psr-2 a PHP Standards Recommendation containing PHP's Coding Style Guide.
openxava an AJAX Java Framework for Rapid Development of Enterprise Applications
ones-complement The ones' complement of a numerical value is evaluated by performing a bitwise NOT operation on its binary representation.
omxplayer a video player specifically made for the Raspberry Pi's GPU.
pausing-execution null
out-of-process In Microsoft COM technologies, out-of-process refers to COM servers implemented in such a way that they reside outside the process that use them.
self-contained Self-contained in programming can refer to a script, program or a library that is completely independent and contains everything necessary within its code.
rows-affected The number of rows affected by executing a SQL Query
qmouseevent The QMouseEvent class contains parameters that describe a mouse event.
raw-ethernet null
websvn WebSVN offers a view onto your subversion repositories that's been designed to reflect the Subversion methodology
web-statistics null
windows-server-2000 an operating system for use on server computers.
tmemo a VCL component wrapping a standard Windows multiline edit control
time-management the act or process of planning and exercising conscious control over the amount of time spent on specific activities, especially to increase effectiveness, efficiency or productivit…
tix a Tkinter Interface Extension module, which includes new widgets that are not included in the standard Tk library.
uncss a tool that removes unused CSS from your stylesheets
uniform-distribution null
uint32-t null
stetho a debug bridge for Android applications
symmetry null
textlabel Returns the label used for the main textual content of the table cell.
shelveset a way to store changes that aren't ready to be checked in yet, such as for saving progress before switching to another project.
space-efficiency null
tesselation a 3D graphics feature that allows detail to be dynamically added to geometry at runtime
target-action a design pattern from Apple in which an object holds the information necessary to send a message to another object when an event occurs.
swfaddress a small but powerful library that provides deep linking for Flash and Ajax.
suckerfish null
subsystem null
suexec a feature of the Apache Web server that allows users to run CGI and SSI applications as a different user.
uiprintinteractioncntrler the central class for printing in iOS
uiinputviewcontroller null
update-site Eclipse Software Sites are the storage format for delivering updates and new features to Eclipse-based applications.
tiddlywiki a complete wiki application in a single HTML file, which includes user content
tiki-wiki Tiki Wiki CMS Groupware, originally and more commonly known as TikiWiki or simply Tiki, is a free and open source wiki-based, content management system and Online office suite written primarily in PHP…
tomcat8.5 null
trailing-return-type A C++11 language construct that allows easier specification of a function return type through 'decltype' and the use of function parameter and class member names
traffic-simulation null
webtrends null
watch-os-4 null
warp Windows Advanced Rasterization Platform
radrails a cross-platform IDE for Ruby and Rails development based on the Eclipse platform
qquickitem The QQuickItem class provides the most basic of all visual items in QtQuick Module.
removable-drive null
recordrtc Questions about RecordRTC a WebRTC JavaScript library for audio/video as well as screen activity recording.
schannel null
parental-control Parental control relates to software intended to be configured by parents in order to limit or prevent access to specified applications or sites.
palm used in those questions which are about development, bug fixing and issues related to product of Palm Inc
ocamlfind a library manager for Objective Caml
pts a timestamp metadata field in a video stream.
print-css When printing an HTML document, these CSS stylerules are applied
prolog-setof a built-in predicate of ISO Prolog
private-constructor null
portia a tool for visually scraping web sites without any programming knowledge
posh-git A PowerShell environment for Git, providing prompt status, tab expansion, and helpful functions.
postbackurl null
phaselistener null
vtl meant to provide the easiest, simplest, and cleanest way to incorporate dynamic content in a web page.
react-router-component null
doctrine-phpcr null
pyjamas a port of Google Web Toolkit to Python, featuring a Python debugging environment and desktop deployment option, and compilation to JavaScript for web/device deployment.
enterprisedb the vendor of Postgres Plus and Postgres Plus Advanced Server, two semi-compatible PostgreSQL variants.
cloudboost the Complete Serverless Platform which does Data-Storage, Realtime, Search, Cache, Queues with one simple API.
static-polymorphism null
regional null
wordpress-login User Login functionality in WordPress
zurb-ink Ink: A Responsive Email Framework from ZURB
yii-cactiverecord the base class for classes representing relational data.
fullcalendar-3 Questions about the 3.x branch of FullCalendar
react-motion a react javascript package to provide physics based spring animations to react components.
django-inheritance null
blind the most common type of visual disability
distributed-objects Distributed objects architecture enables objects in different threads or tasks, perhaps on different machines, to transparently send messages to each other
xajax The Xajax PHP class library provides a means to develop asynchronous Ajax applications with PHP
msmq-wcf WCF can communicate directly with MSMQ, whether you intend to read/write from/to MSMQ
msxsl null
qtandroidextras The QtAndroidExtras module provides classes to make the programming easier for additional functionality on Android.
qt5.1 a cross-platform application development framework widely used for the development of GUI programs.
putimagedata a method of the HTML5 Canvas, and is used to place new image data onto an existing image.
transparentproxy a service that makes a request on behalf of a client, without changing the request itself, and passes the resulting response unaltered back to the client.
corrupt-data data that has been damaged or destroyed, therefore making it unusable.
cosign-api DocuSign Signature Appliance API for digital signatures and integration questions
firewire Apple's name for the IEEE 1394 High Speed Serial Bus
iphonecoredatarecipes This sample shows how you can use view controllers, table views, and Core Data in an iPhone application
logistics null
parameterized-types null
hspec a behavior-driven Development for Haskell
red-gate-ants null
recursive-cte null
vim-airline Lean & mean status/tabline for vim that's light as air.
android-build-flavors null
android-build-type The buildTypes element controls how to build and package your app
android-attributes null
url-design Discussion of the appropriate design of URLs .
focusmanager null
flycheck a on-the-fly syntax checking extension for GNU Emacs 24, which applies various syntax checking and linting tools to the buffer contents and highlights errors and warnings in the buffer win…
font-awesome-4.0.0 null
matplotlib-widget matplotlib.widgets provide a simple mechanism for interactive, GUI style plots using matplotlib.
rcw The common language runtime exposes COM objects through a proxy called the runtime callable wrapper
pymol an open-source, cross-platform molecular visualization system
chromakey null
chip Anything related to integrated circuit chips
bootable null
oocss an initiative by Nicole Sullivan
opcodes null
stress null
armv8 for questions regarding specifically version 8 of the ARM architecture - 32-bit or 64-bit
arq A query engine for Jena that supports the SPARQL RDF Query language
xlsread MATLAB uses a function called xlsread to read Microsoft Excel files .
defects anything that have to be changed in order for a product to work as designed or meet expectations.
dedicated owned or rented by a single user and not shared with anyone else.
eula In the proprietary software industry, an end-user license agreement or software license agreement is the contract between the licensor and purchaser, establishing the purchaser's right to use the soft…
tga a raster image file format with a long history of use in computer games, primarily because it was the first generally available format supporting 24-bit images.
webarchive the format used by the Safari browser to package the HTML, CSS, JavaScript and image resources of a web page when saved as a complete offline archive.
ultisnips a TextMate-inspired SnipMate-compatible snippet system for Vim.
mongoose-plugins null
objective-c-literals Clang 3.1 and Apple's LLVM 4.0 introduced new literal syntax for object creation and collection indexing in Objective-C, allowing simpler use of NSNumber, NSArray and NSDictionary
ilspy the open-source .NET assembly browser and decompiler.
ghostscript.net the most completed managed wrapper library around the Ghostscript library , an interpreter for the PostScript language, PDF, related software and documentati…
report-builder2.0 null
file-move Moving files in a filesystem.
livevalidation a small open source javascript library for making client-side validation quick, easy, and powerful.
dbo Use dbo for questions related to SQL Server database ownership of tables, catalogs, schema, or other database objects
dbfit a framework for writing unit- and integration-tests for database code
system.io.directory null
nsdatadetector a specialized subclass of the NSRegularExpression class designed to match data detectors.It is available in iOS 4.0 and later and available in OS X v10.7 and later
nsbitmapimagerep The NSBitmapImageRep class renders an image from bitmap data
css-paged-media CSS Paged Media describes the page model that partitions a flow into pages
idfa a unique ID for each iOS device that mobile ad networks typically use to serve targeted ads
unitils an framework that makes unit testing with JUnit and DbUnit smoother and more pleasant
ruby-enterprise-edition a server-oriented friendly branch of Ruby, with improved memory allocator, garbage collector and some more.
graphql-subscriptions null
motherboard Anything related to a computer system's motherboard issues
prettier an opinionated code formatter for JavaScript, CSS, GraphQL and Markdown.
hungarian-notation a language-independent naming convention in which an identifier's prefix indicates its type
ibatis.net a simple but complete framework that makes it easy to map objects to SQL statements or stored procedures.
pkcs#8 null
ccd HL7 Continuity of Care Document
skyscanner a flight search engine that allows users to browse for flights via price and location
clamp Constrains a value between a lower and upper bound
collectioneditor The collection editor allows to edit collections in the property grid at design time.
gltf a runtime asset delivery format for GL APIs: WebGL, OpenGL ES, and OpenGL
libconfig a simple library for processing structured configuration files
global-assembly-cache a .NET machine-wide code cache that stores assemblies designated to be shared by multiple applications.
solr-schema null
sidr a jQuery plugin for creating side menus and the easiest way for doing your menu responsive.
indexing-service a Windows service that maintains an index of most of the files on a computer without compromising the performance for the user
expectation-maximization Expectation Maximization is an iterative algorithm that can be used for maximum likelihood estimation in the presence of missing data or hidden variables.
eye-detection for question related to eye detection, i.e
emacs-ecb Emacs Code Browser - A source code browser for Emacs
equatable null
dtexec null
editorformodel HTML helper that returns an HTML input element for each property in the model.
gcloud-python Google Cloud Client Library for Python - an idiomatic, intuitive, and natural way for Python developers to integrate with Google Cloud Platform services, like Cloud Datastore and Cloud Storage.
gdax-api Programming-related questions for using the API for https://www.gdax.com/
formfield null
forestplot a graph used in statistics that shows both estimates and confidence intervals
findersync In OS X, the Finder Sync extension point lets you cleanly and safely modify the Finder’s user interface to express file synchronization status and control
flash-scope a scope which lives during the redirected request only
feincms A Django-based CMS with a focus on extensibility and concise code.
fantom designed as a practical programming language to make it easy and fun to get real work done
github3.py one of the most highly recommended wrappers for version 3 of GitHub's API written in Python
getboundingclientrect null
gulp-typescript null
hana-sql-script The language for stored procedures and functions used in SAP HANA
googlesigninaccount Class that holds the basic account information of the signed in Google user
installshield-2009 a well known and used Windows installation development solution
impex get data in and out of SAP Hybris Commerce.
hindley-milner a classical type inference method with parametric polymorphism for the lambda calculus.
hgweb The CGI-based repository viewer for Mercurial.
oauth.io an API for 100+ OAuth providers
nessus a commercial vulnerability scanner offered by Tenable Security
mvcc MVCC - Multi Version Concurrency Control
monochrome null
msaa a type of anti-aliasing, a technique used in computer graphics to improve image quality.
maven-publish null
math.sqrt Using the Math package method sqrt to calculate the square root of a value.
metalkit a framework that made its first appearance in iOS 9 and OS X El Capitan
midje a unit test framework for Clojure.
jtwitter a small library providing easy access to the Twitter API.
jasper-plugin Jasper-plugin allows you to add Jasper Reports to an application
interopservices null
leadtools-sdk a comprehensive set of imaging and multimedia SDKs for .NET, WinAPI, WinRT, Java, Linux, iOS, macOS, Android & HTML5
kendo-validator an HTML5, jQuery-based framework for building modern web apps.
key-management null
lightgbm null
machine-instruction null
cadvisor Google cAdvisor provides container users an understanding of the resource usage and performance characteristics of their running containers
wiktionary A free, open dictionary-in-progress aiming to cover all words in all languages
cmsamplebuffer null
polyglot Multilingual text processing toolkit for Python
polyhedra null
blotter null
booking null
berkeley-sockets The Berkeley sockets API comprises a library for developing applications in the C programming language that perform inter-process communication, most commonly for communications across a computer netw…
column-family a NoSQL object that contains columns of related data
cookiecutter A command-line utility that creates projects from cookiecutters , e.g
currentuiculture null
audit-tables null
authenticator null
aurora a Mesos framework for long-running services and cron jobs, responsible for scheduling and executing tasks across a shared pool of machines.
asp.net-core-routing Questions about routing within ASP.NET Core
argmax null
apache-chainsaw a free, open source, java-based log viewer tool, mainly intended as a log4j companion.
appworld an application distribution service and application by Research In Motion for a majority of BlackBerry devices.
message-loop null
suid null
bulk-collect null
italics should not be used
merit-gem a ruby gem for handling reputation in Rails applications.
passive-mode FTP and FTPS use multiple connections to perform file transfers
packed null
agal The Adobe Graphics Assembly Language is an assembly language used to create vertex and fragment shaders for use in Adobe Flash and Adobe AIR applications.
ajdt AJDT stands for AspectJ Development Tools, an Eclipse plug-in for Aspect Oriented Software Development in Java.
cycle2 a versatile slideshow plugin for jQuery built around ease-of-use
gant A Groovy-based build system that uses Ant tasks, but no XML.
appgyver Company that produces Supersonic, a UI framework for building hybrid mobile apps.
angularjs-view a directive that complements the $route service by including the rendered template of the current route into the main layout file
asdoc a command-line tool used to create API language reference documentation as HTML pages from ActionScript 3 and MXML classes.
adaptive-bitrate null
android-4.1-jelly-bean the successor of Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich.
analytics.js Google Analytics's JavaScript snippet that measures how users interact with your website providing more flexibility than its successor ga.js.
ejb-3.2 the ejb 3.2 api belongs to the java enterprise edition 7.0 standard
ejbql a Query Language provided for navigation across a network of enterprise beans and dependent objects defined by means of container managed persistence.
d3plus a Javascript data visualisation library based on D3.
excellibrary .NET library for Excel files manipulation
concurrent-queue thread-safe first in - first out collection.
documentum6.5 Documentum6.5 refers to the version 6.5 and above of EMC´s Documentum enterprise content management platform
badpaddingexception raised if, during a decryption operation, the cryptographic padding is found to be corrupt
c++20 the target for the version of C++ after C++17
cal the Composite Application Library the previous name for the Prism guidance for WPF and Silverlight.
caldroid a calendar view library for Android
carryflag null
cassandra-0.7 a highly scalable, eventually consistent, distributed, structured key-value store.
point-of-interest null
wicketstuff a collection of open source projects for the Apache Wicket web framework created and maintained by the Wicket community.
whiptail a tool used for displaying dialog boxes to users.
click-through null
lifting a transformation of a function into a corresponding function in a more general context.
listcontrol null
keyset null
jaxb2-basics an open source project which implements plugins and tools for JAXB 2.x reference implementation.
javax.script A scripting API consists of interfaces and classes that define Java Scripting Engines and provides a framework for their use in Java applications.
jquery-globalize A JavaScript library for internationalization and localization that leverages the official Unicode CLDR JSON data.
jericho-html-parser a java library allowing analysis and manipulation of parts of an HTML document, including server-side tags, while reproducing verbatim any unrecognised or invalid HTML
menu-items null
mda a software design approach for the development of software systems
msflexgrid Microsoft FlexGrid control displays and operates on tabular data.
mo used by Osclass and compiled from the *.po files
music21 A toolkit for computer-aided musicology
mysite a SharePoint Server 2007 service that provides a website for information hosting, web portal services, personalization, and many other services.
nservicebus-distributor null
hksamplequery an API included in Apple's iOS HealthKit framework that provides a way to search for specific aspects of a user's health data.
htmlcollection a list of nodes, an interface representing a generic collection of elements and offers methods and properties for traversing the list
html-help a help system to use HTML web content for help topics.
http-status-code-413 The 413 or 'Request entity too large' status code means the server is refusing to process a request because the request entity is larger than the server is willing or able to process.
iis-logs null
ibrokers an R package that provides a native `R` interface to Interactive Brokers Trader Workstation trading platform.
gwt-compiler A part of the GWT toolkit that translates Java into JavaScript
gmaven-plugin The GMaven Plugin provides integration of Groovy into Maven
fairplay a digital rights management technology created by Apple Inc., based on technology created by the company Veridisc
flow-typed flow-typed refers to the flow-typed repository of third-party library interface definitions for use with Flow located at https://github.com/flowtype/flow-typed
floppy Shortened from Floppy Disk or Floppy Disk Drive
form-load null
gdbus Tool for working with D-Bus objects
editorconfig EditorConfig helps developers define and maintain consistent coding styles between different editors and IDEs
elm327 The ELM327 abstracts the low-level protocol and presents a simple interface that can be called via a UART, typically by a hand-held diagnostic tool or a computer program connected by USB, RS-232, Blue…
elephantbird Twitter's collection of LZO and Protocol Buffer-related Hadoop, Pig, Hive, and HBase code.
enoent Use enoent for questions related to the ENOENT message which stands for returned by the C runtime library.
ends-with A common function to determinate whether the end of this string instance matches the specified string.
extjs2 The December 2007 release of ExtJs, the object oriented JavaScript framework for creating desktop-like applications.
extern-c used to indicate that C++ functions and variables should have C linkage instead of C++ linkage, allowing C and C++ modules to interact with each other
speed-test null
double-free null
dotnetnuke-9 for Dnn 9.x specific questions.
mediatypeformatter null
libffi a portable Foreign Function Interface library, used to call functions defined in a different programming language
concave Anything related to concave geometric shapes
external-sorting External sorting describes a class of sorting algorithms that can handle massive amounts of data
soaphandler null
android-shapedrawable Andoid Drawable object that draws primitive shapes
android-storage null
clang-complete Vim plugin that use clang for completing C/C++ code.
class-instance-variables objects, this means the instance variables of the class object itself
tools.jar null
cda Clinical Document Architecture - An XML based structure for clinical documentation exchange.
offloading for questions about software which utilize mechanisms for reducing workload from the CPU
ofx a unified specification for the electronic exchange of financial data between financial institutions, businesses and consumers via the Internet.
sql-parser Querstions relating to code, libraries, or applications that parse SQL-style query languages.
xregexp XRegExp provides augmented, extensible JavaScript regular expressions.
srv In the context of the Linux BIND application, a Service record is a specification of data in the Domain Name System defining the location, i.e
gridex a commercial grid control for .NET developed by Janus Systems
rubber-band null
scribd A digital library and e-book, audiobook and comic book subscription service.
addobserver null
brakeman Open source static-analysis security vulnerability scanner for Ruby on Rails applications
javahelp an online help system for Java applications.
springlayout a flexible LayoutManager in the Java Programming Language
spring-junit null
google-knowledge-graph the semantic knowledge graph used by Google to enhance search results.
uiimageorientation Specifies the possible orientations of a UIImage.
uibackgroundtask null
kitura should be used to discuss issues related to the Swift server framework Kitura.
system.data.datatable null
system.data.oracleclient the .NET Framework Data Provider for Oracle
auto-responder a computer program that automatically returns a pre-composed e-mails as a reply to anyone who submits e-mail to a particular Internet address, whether an individual or a web site
aol acronym for America Online
gwt-openlayers a Java wrapper for the OpenLayers JavaScript API
gimbal the brand name of a proximity solution in the same family as Bluetooth LE / iBeacon
mongodb-atlas a cloud service for running, monitoring, and maintaining MongoDB deployments, including the provisioning of dedicated servers for the MongoDB instances.
mongodb-mms interfaces to provision, monitor, backup, and scale MongoDB on the infrastructure of your choice
umbraco-ucommerce a fully-featured open source content management system, uCommerce is a feature-rich e-commerce platform that can be implemented into Umbraco solutions to add a fully featured e-commerce sol…
threadgroup null
zillow Real estate API services from zillow.com
xml-dml The XML Data Modification Language used Microsoft SQL Server 2005 and above to manipulate data in an XML field.
boost-units null
wp-editor WP Editor refers to the visual WYSIWYG editor of Wordpress.
jquery-ui-spinner The Spinner widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
jquery-ui-touch-punch a “small hack” that enables touch interaction with jQuery UI widgets.
mattermost an open source, self-hosted team communication service that is an alternative to SaaS messaging services such as Slack.
angularjs-ng-class The ngClass directive allows you to dynamically set CSS classes on an HTML element by databinding an expression that represents all classes to be added.
angularjs-provider an object with a $get method
jodd an open-source Java utility library and complete set of micro-frameworks.
gpath Path expression language integrated into Groovy which allows parts of nested structured data to be identified
osql a command-line utility that allows users to execute Transact-SQL statements and scripts.
pdf417 a stacked linear barcode symbol format used in a variety of applications, primarily transport, identification cards, and inventory management.
pdf-to-html null
mapinfo a desktop GIS produced by Pitney Bowes Business Insight.
android-applicationrecord used by Android to start a specific application.
lockless Lockless operations guarantee simultaneous access to data structures without the usage of conventional locks which are generally slow operations like critical sections, mutexes etc
session-fixation a security vulnerability which occurs after authenticating a user, or otherwise establishing a new user session, without invalidating any existing session identifier
qcar-sdk Qualcomm Vuforia's computer vision functionality will recognize a variety of 2D and 3D visual targets
core-media a content-management-system that enables a user to bring content and context in a meaningful relation
camera-flash null
styleddocument a Java interface that extends `Document`
publish-actions null
rails-generate Command that creates the actual model file that holds all the methods unique to the model and the business rules, a unit test file for performing test-driven development,fixtures to use with the unit …
invalidation null
invokedynamic null
datarelation null
datamodule a class in Delphi which represents a non-visual form, only allowing non-visual components
version-control-migration null
qt4.6 For issues relating to using the Qt framework, version 4.6.
reactive-swift Anything related to the ReactiveSwift library that brings the reactive programming primitives in Swift
ftell a standard C library function which returns the current offset in a file or stream in relation to the first byte.
richtextblock Represents a rich text display container that supports formatted text, hyperlinks, inline images, and other rich content
protocol-handler Protocol handler handles the well defined or custom url protocol like myprotocol://SomeFolder/SomePage
property-based-testing null
netbeans-7.3 NetBeans IDE 7.3 empowers developers to create and debug rich Web and mobile applications using the latest HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS standards
netbeans7.0 the 2011 version introducing Java language support for development against the proposed Java SE 7 specification with the JDK 7 developer preview
yii-modules first of all a series of standard classes you can use to distribute the work of your project across modules
dash.js A reference client implementation for the playback of MPEG DASH via JavaScript and compliant browsers.
zcat Unix/Linux command that expands a compressed file to standard output.
wordpress-theme-customize Theme Customization screen in WordPress allows site admins to tweak a theme's settings, color scheme or widgets, and see a preview of those changes in real time.
wrl The Windows Runtime C++ Template Library is a template library that provides a low-level way to author and use Windows Runtime components.
xcode7-beta3 the third beta release of Apple's IDE
xms a C, C++, and .NET API to IBM WebSphere MQ that implements the JMS API.
yank the older word for copying a line to a clipboard
launching null
layerdrawable A Drawable that manages an array of other Drawables
crossover a genetic operator used to vary the programming of a chromosome or chromosomes from one generation to the next.
vungle-ads Vungle products provide necessary infrastructure for app monetization through video ads.
angular-ui-bootstrap-tab Refers to the Angular UI Bootstrap tabs directive, which is an Angular implementation of Bootstrap tabs.
nhibernate-validator a powerful and extensible framework to validate objects using the .Net Platform
photosphere a feature of the Android OS that was introduced in Android 4.2 Jelly Bean.
poplib A python class which encapsulates a connection to a POP3/POP3_SSL server and implements protocol as defined in RFC 1725.
pso Particle swarm optimization
proxy-authentication null
python-datamodel null
oracleapplications for questions related to Oracle Applications, which comprise the applications software or business software of the Oracle Corporation.
paket a dependency manager for .NET and Mono projects, which is designed to work well with NuGet packages and also enables referencing files directly from GitHub repositories.
oval a validation framework for Java objects
servicebehavior applies to scenarios/issues involving the WCF ServiceBehavior attribute, which specifies the internal service-wide execution behavior of a service contract implementation.
salesforce-ios-sdk With Salesforce Mobile SDK, you can leverage the power of Force.com to create standalone mobile apps that access and manipulate Salesforce data.
re-frame a pattern for writing SPAs in ClojureScript, using Reagent.
rikulo a cross-platform framework for creating Web and mobile applications in Dart and HTML 5.
reversing Reversing refers to performing a task in the direction opposite to that which the task is normally performed in
query-analyzer null
rasa-nlu an open source tool for intent classification and entity extraction
vline vLine provides globally-distributed cloud infrastructure and a rich JavaScript framework for WebRTC apps.
windows-xp-embedded Windows XP Embedded, commonly abbreviated , is a componentized version of the Professional edition of Windows XP.
twitter-anywhere Twitter's JavaScript API designed to allow easy integration of Twitter features with websites
twincat a PC-based PLC automation software package made by Beckhoff Automation.
tlv the short for Type Length Value
unslider A Simple jQuery Slider
uisearchresultscontroller null
uiprogressbar a common misrepresentation of UIProgressView, which typically presents a bar-like user interface to show the progress of a task over time.
ucp Oracle UCP for JDBC provides a connection pool implementation for caching JDBC connections.
template-aliases null
spring-cloud-aws Questions related to integrating with the Spring Cloud AWS libraries
sql-workbench-j a multi DBMS cross-platform SQL client written in Java
shippo shippo refers to the libraries and APIs produced by the company “Shippo” for multi-carrier integration, shipping label creation/purchasing, parcel tracking, and other shipping-related activities.
signedxml the main class used for XML signing and verification in the .NET Framework.
shiny-reactivity reactivity - the illusion that the application is interactive
shlex for questions about the python shlex module.
spring-async Asynchronous execution in spring for Java
swiftlint A tool to enforce Swift style and conventions, loosely based on GitHub's Swift Style Guide
sticky-session null
store-data DO NOT USE THIS TAG
timecodes a way of displaying time-only information as an offset from a starting point
tombstone For questions about how the tombstone feature of a data-store or database works, or about how to implement such functionality.
windows-2003-webserver null
virtualmode null
vfw a legacy API in Microsoft Windows to provide functions that enable an application to process video data.
qttest a Qt module for unit testing Qt applications and libraries.
qmodelindex a central class in the Qt model/view framework
qkeyevent The QKeyEvent class, part of the Qt framework, describes a key event.
rightnow-crm a SaaS CRM solution combining web, social, and contact center experiences into a unified platform that moves beyond just CRM to CX
remobjects a software development company offering tools and libraries for software developers on a variety of platforms.
reed-solomon a set of error-correcting codes used in media and communication.
rowset null
routedevent a type of event that can invoke handlers on multiple listeners in an element tree, rather than just on the object that raised the event.
service-fabric-stateless for questions related to the Stateless Azure Service Fabric - no state is maintained in the service.
sfdc A Platform-as-a-Service development environment created by Salesforce.com, which underlies the core Salesforce CRM functionality and is available as a platform via database.com, as well as via Heroku,…
scroll-position Tag related with keeping/changing/erasing scroll position or state in a View
pageant an PuTTY SSH authentication agent
outerhtml null
parasoft an integrated Development Testing solution for automating a broad range of testing best practices proven to improve development team productivity and software quality.
palm-pre null
paymill a credit card payment processor.
opsworks null
onepage-checkout null
pydio a mature open source software solution for file sharing and synchronization.
pyd a library for the D programming language that wraps the raw Python/C API with a cleaner, simpler interface.
pnotify JavaScript notifications for Bootstrap, jQuery UI, and the Web Notifications Draft.
posix-api null
federated a delegation of method invocation calls to trusted third party APIs or web services.
angular-ui-datepicker Use for questions about the datepicker and datepicker popup directives of the Angular UI Bootstrap library.
autodeploy a VMware vSphere technology for bare metal hypervisor installation and configuration
amazon-polly a Text-to-Speech cloud service that converts text into lifelike speech
cross-cutting-concerns functions of a program which affect other functions
lcds Adobe LiveCycle Data Services its a framework used for connecting RIA applications written in Flex/HTML with Java/.NET backends
clique In the mathematical area of graph theory, a clique in an undirected graph is a subset of its vertices such that every two vertices in the subset are connected by an edge.
yahoo-boss-api Yahoo! BOSS is an API to the Yahoo! search engine index.
xctool a replacement for Apple's xcodebuild that makes it easier to build and test iOS and Mac projects.
xcode7-beta6 a prerelease version of Xcode 7 released on August 24, 2015.
ws-discovery Web Services Dynamic Discovery is a technical specification that defines a multicast discovery protocol to locate services on a local network.
js-xlsx JavaScript Spreadsheet Parser and Writer
yii-chtml a static class that provides a collection of helper methods for creating HTML views.
haskell-mode a set of major modes for Emacs for writing Haskell code and working with Haskell projects.
protorpc a collection of libraries for decoratively describing messages and services for exchanging information over the web and a set of standards and accompanying library for making RPC vi…
reactive-cocoa-3 focused around Swift with support for Objective-C API's
react-native-fetch-blob A data transfer library for React Native.
distinguishedname The X.500 Directory uses distinguished names as primary keys to entries in the directory
disclosure null
versioninfo null
inverse-kinematics Inverse kinematics refers to a set of algorithms used to compute joint parameters necessary to move a robotic arm to a particular position, or more generally to apply geometric constraints on a mechan…
purchase-order null
stylus-pen a pen-shaped instrument that is used to input commands to a computer screen, mobile device or graphics tablet.
cost-based-optimizer null
corporate null
servletexception A Servlet Exception defines a general exception a servlet can throw when it encounters difficulty.
parallel-data-warehouse A massively parallel database environment built on top of SQL Server and run from custom hardware
pandaboard a low-power single-board computer development platform based on the Texas Instruments OMAP4430 system on a chip .
firstdata null
atomicinteger null
android-6.0.1 the successor of Android Marshmallow , released on 22.11.2015.
android-bottomnav null
typescript2.2 null
urdu is for issues relating to displaying user interfaces in the Urdu language.
gogland an IDE by JetBrains for the Go programming language.
applicationhost null
orocrm an easy-to-use, open source client relationship management solution with built-in marketing tools for e-commerce.
gorm-mongodb A plugin that integrates the Mongo document datastore into Grails, providing a GORM API onto it
retention Retention can be defined in 5 ways: 1
angularjs-ng-if The ngIf directive removes or recreates a portion of the DOM tree based on an {expression}
rcaller a LGPL'ed library for calling R from Java
taint a security-related software analysis technique.
checkpointing null
childviews the siblings of parent View Controller.Parent View is the container to hold them and can also inherit the properties.
opaque-pointers In computer programming, an opaque pointer is a special case of an opaque data type, a datatype declared to be a pointer to a record or data structure of some unspecified type.
xhtmlrenderer XHtmlRenderer takes XML or XHTML and applies CSS 2.1-compliant stylesheets to it, in order to render to PDF , images, and on-screen using Swing or SWT.
zendx ZendX stands for “Zend Framework – Extras Library"
array-key-exists null
zope.interface The zope.interface module provides an implementation of for Python.
symfony-2.0 the Symfony 2.0.x specific tag
request-cancelling Stopping or safely ignoring a request, usually an HTTP transaction between a client and a server.
imagenamed a method of the UIImage class in iOS
anki an open source flashcard program which has the capability to use add-ons
live-preview a feature provided by a development tool
liveconnect LiveConnect allows ECMAscript code running Mozilla's Rhino interpreter to access Java code in a transparent way.
db2i the flavour of DB2 that runs on IBM's Power Systems hardware under the IBM i operating system
db2-zos for questions about DB2 for z/OS, the IBM mainframe operating system
facebook-invite-friends A list of friends that can be invited to install a Facebook game.
kirby a file-based CMS built using PHP
kie-server null
mailboxprocessor essentially a dedicated message queue running on its own thread
multirow null
jquery-clone A jQuery method to create a deep copy of the set of matched elements
bringtofront null
fortran-common-block a structure in Fortran that contains variables that are global to the program
screwturn an open source Wiki software that runs on the ASP.NET platform.
flexunit4 the last version of a unit testing framework used for Flex/ActionScript projects
greenrobot-eventbus-3.0 an open-source library for Android using the publisher/subscriber pattern to solve the problem of loose coupling
stack-corruption null
mouse-pointer Questions related to the mouse pointer or cursor.
hyperloglog an approximate technique for computing the number of distinct entries in a set.
cbperipheralmanager used to manage published services within the local peripheral device’s Generic Attribute Profile database and to advertise these services to central devices
pixel-perfect null
planar-graph a graph that can be embedded in the plane without edge crossings.
sktilemapnode render a 2D map of textured sprite tiles
skipper a visualization tool and code/schema generator for PHP ORM frameworks
platypus Object-oriented layout engine for ReportLab
node-oracle null
node-neo4j null
topicmodels an R package implementing Latent Dirichlet Allocation topic modeling.
phpoffice an open-source collection of libraries used for reading and writing files in formats compatible with various suites, such as Microsoft Office and OpenOffice.
expression-encoder-sdk The Microsoft Expression Encoder SDK gives a developer access to all the tools to create encoded video and audio that will meet their streaming or broadcasting needs
color-blending null
visual-prolog a strongly-typed object-oriented extension of Prolog
libreadline used by other programs, such as shells and interpreters, to provide common line-editing capabilities.
do-notation syntactic sugar for writing monadic code.
dotnetnuke-settings null
siesta-swift Use .
3g-network short for 3rd generation mobile telecommunications, a generation of standards for mobile phones and other mobile devices.
wm-paint a central message in the classic Microsoft Windows API.
indy-9 a reference to a specific version of Indy.
extjs6.2 a JavaScript framework for building Rich Internet Applications
exponential-distribution Anything related to the exponential probability distribution, i.e
eventqueue null
episerver-6 an ASP.NET-based CMS .
eddystone-url The Eddystone-URL frame broadcasts a URL using a compressed encoding format in order to fit more within the limited advertisement packet.
eaccelerator a free open-source PHP accelerator & optimizer
dynamic-resizing Dynamic resizing usually refers to on-the-fly resizing by a web server
gcmlistenerservice null
formsauthenticationticket null
glympse a cross-platform application and set of associated SDKs which let the user share is location in real-time with an other user for a certain amount of time.
google-maps-styled null
google-cast-sdk null
git-difftool a built-in Git Perl script that helps users to invoke an external diff tool for their diffs, instead of using the `git diff` command.
gulp-useref a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized scripts or stylesheets in HTML files.
handleerror null
grub2 Copied from https://wiki.gentoo.org/wiki/GRUB2: GRUB2 is a boot loader with support for modern day computer systems
grunt-contrib-compass Compile Sass to CSS using Compass
immutable-collections a library containing immutable data structures created by Microsoft for .NET.
install-name-tool null
nusmv a model checking software free for non-commercial and academic purposes
nevpnmanager NEVPNManager, delivered as part of the iOS & macOS SDK's, is used to create and manage VPN configurations and to control the resulting VPN tunnel connections.
minhash a probabilistic hashing technique for quickly estimating how similar two sets are.
msbuild-propertygroup Inside a Microsoft Build project, PropertyGroup contains a set of user-defined Item elements.
memento The Memento pattern allows a caretaker object to roll back the originator object to a previous state, offering undo capability
memory-footprint Memory footprint refers to the amount of main memory that a program, application or service uses or references while running
method-parameters null
masspay null
jquery-mask a jQuery Plugin used to make masks on form fields and HTML elements.
jquery-mobile-ajax null
jsobject a class of the Java UI library JavaFX
javax.xml null
jackrabbit-oak Questions related specifically to Jackrabbit Oak, as opposed to generic Jackrabbit questions.
kendo-treelist a Javascript-based control that displays hierarchical data in a traditional tree structure
kepler A family of NVIDIA GPUs that can be used for graphics or compute purposes
languagetool a Java based Open Source style and grammar checker
localytics null
low-level-io Byte or character level I/O or functions for performing I/O operations on descriptors.
cirrus service hosted by Adobe that helps multiple Flash Player to communicate between them using RTMFP protocol.
charles-proxy null
cassette a .NET asset management library created by Andrew Davey.
center-align Specifies the horizontal alignment of the content inside an element
wii Video game device developed by Nintendo.
poe a portable framework for cooperative, event driven multitasking and networking in Perl
c++builder-xe8 a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
burndowncharts a graphical representation of work left to do versus time.
dokan Microsoft Windows library to program file system drivers in user space
dmarc DMARC, , is a technical specification standardizing how email receivers perform email authentication using the well-known SPF and DKIM mec…
data-virtualization null
date-manipulation null
dataexplorer The Data Explorer, located at data.stackexchange.com, allows you to create and run queries against copies of the databases of popular Stack Exchange sites to investigate trends or satisfy your cur…
dart-isolates In the Dart programming language, an Isolate is a single-threaded unit of concurrency.
daab null
ddd-service null
config-files null
exceldatareader Lightweight and fast library written in C# for reading Microsoft Excel files .
current-working-directory null
cookiemanager java.net.CookieManager This class provides a concrete implementation of CookieHandler
ampersand.js A highly modular, loosely coupled, non-frameworky framework for building advanced JavaScript apps.
adaptive-ui Adaptive UI was introduced with iOS8 to assist in responsive layouts.
associated-object null
android-traceview a graphical viewer for execution logs saved by an Android app.
android-mediasession Allows interaction with media controllers, volume keys, media buttons, and transport controls.
app-themes null
apache-commons-compress a compression toolkit that supports several compression and archival formats not included with the Java programming language.
ganymede the code name for the annual release of Eclipse projects in 2008.
overscroll a feature of scrollable-view in any device, where the user is allowed to scroll more than the end of the last element in a scrollview
j48 an open source Java implementation of the C4.5 algorithm in the Weka data mining tool.
bulksms a mobile messaging service that allows to send high or low volumes of non-premium SMS quickly and efficiently.
build-numbers Numbers generated by build processes to identify instances of a project that may not correspond to releases.
bugsnag an automated crash detection platform for web and mobile applications.
kapacitor InfluxDB's native data processing, alerting and anomaly-detection engine.
iup for questions related to the portable user interface toolkit known as IUP
cfstream null
pathauto a Drupal module that allows to automatically create path aliases for different type of pages.
gcal Google Calendar - A free online calendar web application by Google.
uuencode an algorithm for converting binary files to text
apache-commons-daemon an alternative invocation mechanism for unix-daemon-like java code.
app-launcher null
android-powermanager Tag for Android PowerManager questions - class, that gives you control of the power state of the device.
android-virtual-keyboard null
asynccontroller null
asynchronously null
avisynth a powerful tool for video post-production
adaptive-threshold null
adonetappender Log4Net's appender for logging to a database.
acts-as-tree ActsAsTree extends ActiveRecord to add simple support for organizing items into parent–children relationships
alex A lexical analyser generator for Haskell
elasticsearch-bulk-api For questions about the Elasticsearch bulk API.
postgres-fdw a module which can be used to access data stored in external PostgreSQL servers.
postgresql-8.3 Questions specific to version 8.3 of the widely-used PostgreSQL relational database system
.aspxauth Cookie generated by remote server that identifies the user and allows authentication to the server
custom-build null
cytoscape-web a graph -- nodes and edges -- visualisation library, written as a jQuery plugin.
createfolder null
csip-simple a Voice over Internet Protocol application for Google Android operating system using the SIP
database-server null
data-dump null
django-shell null
botocore A low-level interface to a growing number of Amazon Web Services
bgi a legacy library for 2D graphics similar to nowadays GDI.
pocket Pocket, previously known as Read It Later, is an application for managing a reading list of articles from the Internet.
wikitext From : Wikitext is a document written in a wiki markup language.
caffe2 an open-source deep learning framework, which is developed and maintained by Facebook, and is based on the Caffe framework.
cinnamon a GTK+ based desktop environment
m2e-wtp null
major-mode null
lirc a package that allows you to decode and send infra-red signals of many commonly used remote controls.
leksah a Haskell IDE written in Haskell
japanese is for issues relating to displaying user interfaces and managing data in Japanese written language.
interop-domino null
jsonpickle a Python library for serialization and deserialization of complex Python objects to and from JSON.
jsonbuilder null
json-c a C library for parsing and generating JSON
juju an open source service orchestration management tool for the Ubuntu Linux operating system.
jpa-criteria A type-safe, portable API for defining queries for entities - similar to JPQL
journaling null
josephus In computer science and mathematics, the Josephus Problem is a theoretical problem related to a certain counting-out game
jexl a library intended to facilitate the implementation of dynamic and scripting features in applications and frameworks written in Java.
moses A statistical machine translation system.
mpj-express an open source Java message passing library that allows application developers to write and execute parallel Java applications for multicore processors and comp…
mime-mail null
name-resolution null
nanomsg a socket library that provides several common communication patterns
mvvm-toolkit to accelerate the creation and development of MVVM applications in WPF, Silverlight, Windows Store and for Windows Phone
objectbox an object-oriented embedded database and a full alternative for SQLite, developed by Greenrobot
nsvaluetransformer an abstract class that is used by the Cocoa Bindings technology to transform values from one representation to another
nsmanagedobjectmodel An NSManagedObjectModel object describes collection of entities that you use in your application
nsmatrix a class used for creating groups of NSCell objects that work together in various ways.
nsindexset The NSIndexSet class represents an immutable collection of unique unsigned integers, known as indexes because of the way they are used
nmock a mocking framework for .NET 3.5 and 4.0
httpruntime.cache null
htmlgenericcontrol Server-side control that maps to an HTML element not represented by a specific .NET Framework class, such as <body> and <div>.
hook-form-alter the hook implemented by Drupal modules to alter the forms implemented by other modules.
handoff a capability introduced in iOS 8 and OS X v10.10 that is designed to facilitate easy transfer of user activities among multiple devices associated with the same user.
harp A static web server with built-in preprocessing
hardware-id null
gwt-activities GWT 2.1 introduced a built-in framework for browser history management
google-shopping null
false-sharing the condition, where in parallel programs, memory cache lines are shared by two or more threads and writes on one cache line would force other cores working on the same line to re-val…
ffimageloading null
dynamic-properties null
dstore a Dojo-based AMD package which defines and implements APIs for interacting with collections of data.
elpa ELPA stands for Emacs Lisp Package Archive a simple package manager for Emacs, and a repository of pre-packed Emacs Lisp code.
evdev Generic input event interface in Linux
expr Command-line expression evaluator
expdp For issues relating to the expdp Oracle data dump export.
explicit-constructor In C++ prefixing the explicit keyword to the constructor prevents the compiler from using that constructor for implicit conversions.
wkinterfacecontroller null
natvis Visual Studio uses .natvis files to visualize C++ types in debugger
incoming-mail null
bionic a C language support library , written by Google for its Android Operating System
signalr-2 null
libnet a generic networking API that provides access to some protocols.
glassfish-2.x a Java application server which was released on 17 September 2007.
snoop the open source WPF spying utility
android-simple-facebook Simple Facebook SDK for Android which wraps and simplifies original Facebook SDK.
toolsapi the API for extending and customizing the Delphi IDE using interfaces.
inputbinding null
inline-images an image that appears in the body of a web page or inside an html mail.
clarion a commercial, 4GL, programming language and Integrated Development Environment from SoftVelocity used to program database applications.
nokia-imaging-sdk a software development kit for Windows Phone 8, 8.1, Windows RT, 8.0 and 8.1 that provides imaging tools for the developer, free
gtkentry GtkEntry — A single line text entry field
gstring Groovy String class
android-graphics null
prepros a GUI compiler for preprocessing languages such as LESS, Sass, Compass, Stylus, Jade, Slim, Markdown, Haml and CoffeeScript
movies null
sslexception null
connect-flash null
xsi null
ec2-container-service a highly scalable, high performance container management service that supports Docker containers and allows you to easily run distributed applications on a manage…
graphicscontext null
numexpr a fast numerical expression evaluator for NumPy.
null-conditional-operator used to test for null before performing a member access operation.
adjustpan For questions dealing with the adjustPan Window Soft Input Mode for the Android Activity element.
webkitaudiocontext Use webkitaudiocontext for questions related to the Webkit prefixed version of the AudioContext API of the Web Audio API specification
webkit.net an open source project that provides a WebKit-based browser control for WinForms applications.
uidynamicanimator A dynamic animator provides physics-related capabilities and animations for its dynamic items, and provides the context for those animations.
ctl null
scalajs-react scalajs-react lifts Facebook's React library into Scala.js and endeavours to make it as type-safe and Scala-friendly as possible.
vs2010-express a set of integrated development environments developed by Microsoft as a freeware function-limited version of the non-free Microsoft Visual Studio.
livelink In 1996, the product originally called Livelink Se…
filemerge null
fileloadexception null
halo the default theme for Flex 3
bb-messenger a proprietary Internet-based instant messenger and videotelephony application included on BlackBerry devices that allows messaging
minio an Amazon S3 compatible object storage server
report-viewer2012 null
thin-client a computer or a computer program that depends heavily on some other computer to fulfill its computational roles.
webcenter-sites Oracle WebCenter Sites, previously FatWire Content Server, is a CMS product which is part of Oracle WebCenter stack.
umdf a library assisting to develop user-mode drivers that support the Microsoft Windows Driver Model
hig documents specifying behavior of elements for consistency between programs on a platform.
simscape Simscape™ provides an environment for modeling and simulating physical systems spanning mechanical, electrical, hydraulic, and other physical domains.
mongodb-ruby Ruby driver for MongoDB.
arquillian-drone The Arquillian Drone extension for Arquillian provides a simple way how to include functional tests for your application with a web-based user interface.
openaccess a tool that supports development of data-oriented software applications
tagname null
talend-mdm null
rust-crates the unit of compilation in Rust.
s3-bucket null
writablebitmap Provides a BitmapSource that can be written to and updated.
rdf4j a Java framework for working with RDF, SPARQL, and OWL
world-map null
angularjs-ng-resource part of AngularJS and provides interaction support with RESTful services via the $resource service.
maven-ant-tasks The Mavent Ant Tasks allow several of Maven's artifact handling features to be used from within an Ant build
pgf a plat­form- and for­mat-in­de­pen­dent macro pack­age for cre­at­ing graph­ics
redis-server an open source, BSD licensed, advanced key-value store
android-application-class Extending Android's Application class can be very useful to maintain global state, initialise a module, and so on, before any other part of your code runs.
map-files null
hsb null
htcsense a graphical user interface developed by HTC Corporation for mobile devices running Android, Brew and Windows Mobile.
windows-mobile-6.1 a minor upgrade to the Windows Mobile 6 platform with various performance enhancements and a redesigned Home screen.
audio-capture null
locomotivejs a web framework for Node.js
coturn an open source TURN and STUN Server
pure-function A function that always evaluates to the same result value given the same argument value and that does not cause any semantically observable side effect or output, such as mutation of mutable object…
testrail a comprehensive web-based test case management software to manage, track and organize software testing efforts.
testfx Simple and clean testing for JavaFX.
text2vec text2vec - R package which provides a fast and memory efficient framework for text mining applications within R
vectormath a geometric elements having both direction and magnitude
dism Deployment Image Servicing and Management is a command-line tool that can be used to service a Windows image or to prepare a Windows Preinstallation Environment image
communication-protocol a system of rules that allow two or more entities of a communications system to transmit digital message formats/rules
azure-billing-api for questions related to Azure Billing APIs, which is used to pull usage and resource data into your preferred data analysis tools
blockchain.info-api null
blanket.js an open source code coverage tool for javascript.
property-injection null
property-placeholder null
netbeans-7.4 NetBeans IDE 7.4 extends the advanced HTML5 development support introduced in NetBeans IDE 7.3 to Java EE and PHP applications, while offering new support for mobile web development on the Android and…
haskell-wai The wai package provides a common protocol for the communication between Haskell web applications and web servers.
yourls a small set of PHP scripts that will allow you to run your own URL shortening service.
jsr330 JSR 330: Dependency Injection for Java
jsr356 JSR 356, Java API for WebSocket, specifies the API that Java developers can use when they want to integrate WebSockets into their applications—both on the server side as well as on the Java client sid…
zurb-reveal null
wse3.0 version 3.0 of the obsolete Web Services Enhancements product from Microsoft
wspbuilder a SharePoint Solution Package creation tool for WSS 3.0 & MOSS 2007.
clockkit Apple's ClockKit framework allows to use complications on the Apple Watch.
labjs an open-source project supported by Getify Solutions
static-html null
background-application null
office365connectors to find answers, ask questions, and answer questions about using the extensibility capabilities of Office 365 Connectors.
angular-ui-modal null
fbsdkloginkit null
docker-stack a set of related services which share volumes, networks and other dependencies, and can be orchestrated and scaled together
pythonw null
piracy-prevention null
pitch-shifting a DSP technique able to change the pitch of audio signal without change speed the pitch of sound is raised or lowered, is characterized as a sound effects, there are diffe…
pls-00103 an error message in Oracle, which points to a wrong symbol in the query: Encountered the symbol when expecting one of the following:
pic24 general purpose microcontrollers, manufactured by Microchip Technology.
python-collections A Python module that implements specialized container datatypes providing alternatives to Python’s general purpose built-in containers, dict, list, set, and tuple.
probing null
primavera a project scheduling system
partial-ordering null
seadragon Seadragon was a team within the Microsoft Live Labs
setrlimit system call included in POSIX which allows setting of limits on operating system resources like CPU, memory, files and possibly others
ril Radio Interface Layer provides interface which handles communication between radio hardware and telephony services in mobile phones.
qhash a Qt template class that provides a hash-table-based dictionary
qregularexpression The QRegularExpression class provides pattern matching using regular expressions
rawsql null
usersession null
woocommerce-bookings null
web-ide a web application that functions in much the same way as a Desktop IDE does
websocket++ An open source header only C++ library that implements RFC6455 The WebSocket Protocol.
towerjs an open source full-stack web framework for Node.js and the browser.
ufw a firewall that is designed to be easy to use
stripos the case-insensitive counterpart of strpos, returning the position of a given string within another string.
svn-update null
svndumpfilter 'svndumpfilter' provides the ability to quickly and easily modify streams of Subversion repository history data by acting as a path-based filter.
subsonic-active-record null
tempo a tiny JSON rendering engine that enables you to craft data templates in pure HTML.
termcap a library and database that enables programs to use display terminals in a terminal-independent manner
starcluster An open source cluster-computing toolkit for Amazon’s Elastic Compute Cloud .
sql-server-group-concat comma separated values grouped by a defined key.
smoke-testing Smoke testing exercises basic functionality of a system, in order to provide some assurance that the system does not fail catastrophically.
socketcan a Linux socket based implementation for Controller Area Network protocol.
sjplot a collection of several plotting and table output functions for data visualization o R.
sharpmap an easy-to-use mapping library for use in web and desktop applications.
tensorflow-slim a lightweight library for defining, training and evaluating complex models in TensorFlow
svgpanzoom JavaScript library that enables panning and zooming of an SVG in an HTML document, with mouse events or custom JavaScript hooks.
swapfile null
timelapse null
webex Online webinar software created by Cisco
windowless null
visual-artifacts anomalies during visual representation of graphics and imagery.
rattle a graphical user interface for data mining in R
readerwriterlock null
qgraphicstextitem The QGraphicsTextItem class, part of the Qt framework, provides a text item that you can add to a QGraphicsScene to display formatted text.
return-type-deduction a C++11 feature for lambda expressions and trailing return-types, that is slated to be expanded in C++14 to normal functions.
recent-file-list null
robotframework-ide an integrated development environment, designed specifically for Robot Framework
rowdeleting null
samtools a generic format for storing large nucleotide sequence alignments
pcspim null
open-flash-chart Open Flash Chart - JSON based very flexible flash chart renderer.
progress-indicator null
pyamf Use pyamf for questions related to the pyAMF framework, which is a Python binding for the Action Message Format specification.
power-saving For questions about optimising apps to save mobile power, or to manage the inbuilt power saving features within a device for an application
popuppanel null
documentfile DocumentFile Class represent a document backed by either a DocumentsProvider or a raw file on disk
authority null
amazon-efs Anything related to Amazon Elastic File System
labwindows an event-driven, ANSI C programming environment developed by National Instruments.
language-construct null
ksort a PHP function to sort arrays by keys
wso2stratos a complete, enterprise-grade, open PaaS, with support for more core services than any other available PaaS today.
wsdl.exe The Web Services Description Language tool generates code for XML Web services and XML Web service clients from WSDL contract files, XSD schemas, and .discomap discovery documents.
xna-3.0 Version 3.0 of Microsoft's XNA Framework
xui A lightweight, dead simple, micro-tiny, modular JavaScript framework for building mobile web applications
zendesk-api For questions related to Zendesk's REST API.
protractor-net The .NET port of Protractor, an end to end test framework for Angular applications.
cocoa-sheet A window in OS X that slides down from the top of its parent window.
blackberry-editfield An editable simple text field with no formatting.
react-native-code-push null
qtranslate-x A WordPress plugin which adds multilingual content management and translation support.
datajs a cross-browser JavaScript library that enables data-centric web applications by leveraging modern protocols such as JSON and OData and HTML5-enabled browser features
httpie a command line HTTP client
ramaze a simple, light and modular open-source web application framework written in Ruby.
punycode a encoding syntax by which a Unicode string of characters can be translated into the basic ASCII-characters permitted in network host names
qdbus The QDBus namespace, part of the Qt framework, contains miscellaneous identifiers used throughout the QtDBus library.
structuremap4 Version 4 of the StructureMap - Dependency Injection / Inversion of Control tool for .NET licensed under Apache 2
serving null
fipy FiPy: A Finite Volume PDE Solver Using Python
windows-firewall-api null
intellitest Generate unit tests for your code
pdf-rendering null
uribuilder null
sensitive-data Please do not use this tag
phalanger a managed PHP implementation for the Microsoft .NET platform.
gperftools a collection of a high-performance multi-threaded malloc implementation, plus some pretty nifty performance analysis tools.
flwor Acronym denoting a certain XQuery expression for querying, manipulating, and transforming XML data.
fody-propertychanged Fody add-in for injecting INotifyPropertyChanged code into properties
opencvdotnet null
boost-tuples A Boost C++ library providing an implementation of tuple, a fixed-sized collection of elements, possibly of different types
pyside2 Questions about using PySide2, a Python Qt bindings project for Qt5.
respond-with null
momentum null
object-serialization The encoding of objects and the objects reachable from them into a stream of bytes
openproject a free and open source, web-based project management tool
simplex-noise a procedural texture primitive, a type of gradient noise used by visual effects artists to increase the appearance of realism in computer graphics.
turbolinks-5 null
request-validation null
batman.js an MVC framework for building rich single-page browser applications
hackintosh a collaborative hacking project to run the Mac OS X operating system on non-Apple personal computers with x86 architecture and x86-64 compatible processors
gwt-history GWT's History mechanism allows you to interact with the browser's history stack.
llvm-3.0 null
anonymous-users null
daypilot a Jquery open source plugin which is used to create Scheduler control with major functionalities like day,week,month views and it also support drag and drop functionalities.
nscursor In OS X, instances of the NSCursor class manage the appearance of the cursor
scala-generics null
deployment-descriptor A configuration file that describes how a web application should be deployed.
uidynamicbehavior A dynamic behavior confers a behavioral configuration on one or more dynamic items for their participation in two-dimensional animation.
id-generation null
springmockito a small extension to spring that simplifies way of creation mockito mocks in the intergation tests' related context xml files.
keytab null
forward-list a c++ STL Container, which is basically a list optimized for empty and very short lists.
numpy-ufunc functions operating on elements on a Numpy array.
graphite-carbon Carbon refers to the daemons that listen for Graphite events
greendroid a development library for the Android platform
flask-cache null
easy-thumbnails A thumbnailing application for Django 1.4+
xposed-framework a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any APKs
xpack null
apache-toree Toree provides applications with a mechanism to interactively and remotely access Apache Spark.
moto-360 null
android-handlerthread part of the Android system's framework for managing threads
android-intent-chooser An Intent to choose from different app options to resolve your request.
tinymce-3 a powerful WYSIWYG editor control for web browsers such as MSIE or Mozilla that enables the user to edit HTML content in a more user friendly way.
clarity Clarity can refer two two products: CA Clarity™ PPM is a Project and Portfolio Management tool
ckeditor.net the .NET component of CKEditor - is a JavaScript based editor created for use within web pages
initializecomponent null
phpldapadmin a web-based LDAP client
geographic-distance the distance measured along the surface of the earth.
snowfall Usability wrapper around snow for easier development of parallel R programs.
mdt a toolset used to deploy Microsoft Windows and Office automatically in large network environments.
dynamic-function null
duplicity a program for encrypted incremental backups to local or remote storage
lseek A linux C API function that repositions the offset of the open file associated with the file descriptor to the argument offset according to the directive.
compositecollection null
compositing the combining of visual elements from separate sources into single images.
gkmatchmaker Class used in GameKit.framework.
dotted-line Dotted line - gives the border a dotted look
dom-repeat null
dotliquid a templating system ported to the .net framework from Ruby’s Liquid Markup.
split-button A button on a user interface that when clicked displays a list of options of which one must be selected.
splay-tree a self-adjusting binary search tree with excellent amortized performance.
speechsynthesizer hardware or software component that produces human speech
eventreceiver null
em-websocket EventMachine based WebSocket server
erase-remove-idiom a common C++ technique to eliminate elements that fulfill a certain criterion from a C++ Standard Library container.
dreamfactory an open source REST API backend for mobile, web, and IoT applications.
dynamic-list null
dynamics-ax7 one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
dynamic-ui null
facebook-checkins null
facebook-batch-request When working on an application that deals with Facebook API, if the application needs the ability to access significant amounts of data in a single go - or you needs to make changes to several objects…
fraud-prevention the proactive identification of the causal and enabling factors of fraud, to prevent fraud from happening in the first place
gradle-task Gradle has a set of standard tasks provided by common plugins, but also allows defining custom tasks
handbrake A tool for converting video.
getcomputedstyle null
gemfile.lock the snapshot file keeping the installed gem names, and versions.
gl-triangle-strip a series of connected triangles, sharing vertices, allowing for faster rendering and more efficient memory usage for computer graphics
gmaps4rails2 null
gm-xmlhttprequest a method available to GreaseMonkey scripts
gnat-gps an open source integrated development environment.
html-components a browser feature found in Microsoft Internet Explorer, allowing Javascript code to be triggered by CSS styles.
http-status The status code describes the state of the response from the web server.
hashicorp an open-source software company based in San Francisco, California
imeoptions Android Input Method features you can enable in a Editable View to improve the integration with your application.
nsurlsessiontask null
nsurlerrordomain null
name-clash null
multiple-browsers null
multikey null
ninject.web null
netzke an elegant and powerful architectural solution to several known problems that accompany development of complex AJAX-driven RIA
mobicents-sip-servlets Mobicents Sip Servlets delivers a consistent, open platform on which to develop and deploy portable and distributable SIP and Converged JEE services
meteor-slingshot A lightweight file upload package to cloud storage services for meteor
jpda Java Platform Debugger Architecture
jqmath a JavaScript module that makes it easy to put formatted mathematical expressions in web pages
juice-ui an open-source collection of WebForms components that brings jQuery UI Widgets to your project with ease.
lessphp a compiler that generates CSS; designed to be compatible with less.js.
local-class classes that are defined in a block, which is a group of zero or more statements between balanced braces
localized null
lights null
lwuit-resource-editor an independent GUI tool for opening, creating, and editing resource packages for LWUIT.
circuit-diagram A circuit diagram is a simplified conventional graphical representation of an electrical circuit.
clicktag a parameter used in Flash banner ads that defines the destination URL from the markup code
clr-hosting CLR hosting means enabling a native process to execute managed code by using .NET runtime library dll that actually executes the managed code
chargify Questions related to chargify.com usage.
chakra the code-name for the Javascript engine Microsoft first distributed in IE9.
chap-links-library a web based visualization library for displaying graphs, networks, and timelines
charactercount null
cachedrowset null
whiteboard null
embedly Embedly provides a powerful API to convert standard URLs into embedded videos, images, and rich article previews
cocoalumberjack null
polly a .NET resilience and transient-fault-handling library that allows developers to express policies such as Retry, Circuit Breaker, Timeout, Bulkhead Isolation, and Fallback in a fluent and thr…
biblatex a management software for formatting lists of references, intended for use together with Latex.
azure-management null
boot-clj a Clojure build framework and ad-hoc Clojure script evaluator
bisect null
cakephp-3.3 Questions about the 3.3.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework
django-rest-viewsets null
datafield null
detox a Gray Box E2E Tests and Automation Library for Mobile Apps
cryptarithmetic-puzzle an equation with words whose letters represent decimals digits.
copy-and-swap simplify the implementation of the assignment operator by used the copy constructor to generate a local copy and swapping it with the current object.
cookiejar a Class from the cookielib Python module
cqwp The Content Query Web Part aggregates and displays list items within a site hierarchy using lists, libraries or sites as a data source.
2phase-commit algorithm that coordinates all the processes that participate in a distributed transaction on whether to commit or rollback the transaction
android-custom-attributes null
alexa-app null
avcomposition null
azure-elastic-scale Azure SQL Database Elastic Scale enables the data-tier of an application to scale out and in via industry-standard sharding practices.
astyle a source code indenter, formatter, and beautifier for the C, C++, C# and Java programming languages
asp.net-core-localization the set of abstractions and implementations that allow developers to adapt their ASP.NET Core applications to a particular language, culture, and desired local "look and f…
asf an extensible file storage format by Microsoft used mainly for the Windows Media file formats WMA and WMV .
argument-error null
archlinux-arm a distribution of Linux for ARM computers
apache-apex a YARN-native platform that unifies stream and batch processing
dfm the file format Delphi uses for designing Windows resources like window layouts etc.
rotten-tomatoes a film review website which includes an API for retrieving information about films and reviews it received.
r2jags an R package that interfaces with the JAGS Gibbs sampler.
p4python a Python interface to Perforce.
cxml may refer to either Commerce XML , a protocol intended for communication of business documents; or Collection XML , the schema used to describe structured data to be display…
amazon-cloudtrail Monitor AWS deployments in the cloud by getting a history of AWS API calls for the AWS account, including API calls made via the AWS Management Console, the AWS SDKs, the command line tools, and highe…
superobject The SuperObject JSON library created by Henri Gourvest for Delphi and FreePascal
suppression null
ora-00932 Inconsistent datatypes
itemplate null
kapt null
efs Windows Encrypted File System
build-events null
build-time null
kairosdb a fast distributed scalable time series database written on top of Cassandra
itemcontainerstyle null
partitioner software components that divide possibly very large groups of data into some number of smaller groups of data of hopefully equal size.
pathfinder null
patsy A Python library for describing statistical models and building design matrices, aimed at bringing the convenience of R “formulas” to Python.
cyberduck a filesystem client that provides unified access to FTP, SFTP, WebDAV, Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, Windows Azure, Rackspace Cloud Files, and Google Drive accounts.
quickdialog QuickDialog allows you to create HIG-compliant iOS forms for your apps without having to directly deal with UITableViews, delegates and data sources.
quickselect jQuery plugin: QuickSelect
role-based-access-control null
utility-method For questions regarding utility class methods.
utf-16le the little endian variety of UTF-16 without BOM.
apache-commons-csv Commons CSV reads and writes files in variations of the comma-separated value format.
android-pagetransformer null
android-espresso-recorder android studio feature to record Espresso test from simulator or emulator
arcgis-runtime ArcGIS Runtime SDKs help you build and deploy native applications to a variety of popular platforms and devices like Android, iOS, Java, .Net, OS X, Qt.
asort a PHP function to sort arrays
aurelia-navigation A starter kit for building a standard navigation-style app with Aurelia
alfa ALFA, the Axiomatics Language For Authorization, is an pseudo-code used to write fine-grained authorization policies which are then converted into XACML 3.0.
ambient null
anchorpoint the of the View/Element where transformations like Scale, Rotation and Translation will revolve around
powerline a statusline plugin for vim, and provides statuslines and prompts for several other applications, including zsh, bash, tmux, IPython, Awesome and Qtile.
.net-4.7 the latest framework release from Microsoft
shading Shading refers to depicting depth perception in 3D models or illustrations by varying levels of darkness.
contextroot null
cryptographic-hash-function a function that takes a string of bytes of variable length and returns a fixed-length digest such that it is extremely difficult to find two inputs that yield the same…
crosswalk-project null
cup a parser generator for Java.
code-maintainability null
contactpicker null
conky a free, light-weight system monitor for X that displays any information on your desktop
combn null
dev-appserver null
domain-mapping null
byval null
botconnector a communication service that helps you connect your Bot with many different communication channels
buttonfield null
buttonbar null
c64 The Commodore 64, commonly called C64, C=64 or occasionally CBM 64 , or VIC-64, was an 8-bit home computer introduced in January 1…
wildcard-mapping An action mapping that uses wildcards in the action name attribute to configure actions in the Struts 2 framework
cellpadding HTML padding, as specific to table cells.
makefile-project null
liquidsoap a tool for controlling the source end of internet radio and video streams
json2html a javascript HTML templating library used to transform JSON objects into HTML using a another user specified JSON transform.
jquery-resizable null
jpct a free, lightweight 3D-Engine for Java and Android.
joomla3.5 the latest stable release of Joomla with new features including : Support for PHP 7, TinyMCE Drag & Drop Images, Update Email plugin, Insert Modules into Articles..
ios10-today-widget null
ispell Interactive spell-checking program for Unix
jacorb a free implementation of the CORBA standard in Java.
jenkins-email-ext to `email-ext` plugin for Jenkins, which extends email sending options.
metaspace Java 8's new memory space for storing class meta-data information, and that grows automatically unlike its predecessor PermGen space.
membershipreboot a user identity management and authentication library
mod-rails null
milestone null
named-entity-extraction null
mysql-variables For use with special handling of queries for such things as ranking, grouping, and segmenting
mybatis-generator a code generator for MyBatis MyBatis and iBATIS.
noty a jQuery plugin for creating notifications messages, that is designed to replace system alert dialogs.
icanhaz.js a JavaScript templating library
inform7 the seventh release of Inform, a language and IDE designed for creating Interactive Fiction.
holtwinters one of the simplest form of exponential smoothing
geth Go implementation of command line tools for Ethereum blockchain
gulp-ruby-sass a gulp plugin for compilation of Sass to CSS using Ruby Sass gem.
grails3.2.0 null
formatted-text null
g-code the common name for the widely-used computer numerical control programming language defined in EIA-274.
g++-4.7 designates version 4.7 of the g++ compiler, which is part of the Gnu Compiler Collection .
fromcharcode null
fusebox a coding methodology for application development centered around the use of switch statements and naming conventions to organize code.
spl-autoloader null
dotvvm an OWIN-based ASP.NET framework that can build line-of-business applications and SPAs without writing tons of Javascript code
aws-athena a serverless, interactive query service that makes it easy to analyze big data in S3 using standard SQL.
aws-certificate-manager an offering by Amazon Web Services
luajava A scripting tool for Java that allows easy interfacing of Lua and Java code by allowing Lua code to access and manipulate Java objects and allowing Java code to implement interfaces using Lua.
dynamic-ip null
visual-leak-detector An open-source memory leak detection system for Visual C++
libm null
mediastreamsource MediaStreamSource delivers media samples directly to the media pipeline and is most often used to enable the MediaElement to use a container format not natively supported by Silverlight.
medium-editor a WYSIWYG rich text editor for browsers
express-generator null
collectstatic a Django Command that collects the static files into STATIC_ROOT directory as per specified in the base.py config files for your django applications.
android-sms null
phrases null
phpstorm-2017.2 The successor to PhpStorm 2017.1
phpexcel-1.8.0 an excel file generating library developed using PHP
tinkerpop-blueprint a property graph model interface API with provided implementations
model-driven-development Software Development done in a modeling tool such as IBM Rational Rhapsody
mockwebserver A library for testing HTTP and HTTPS clients.
guice-persist Guice Persist provides abstractions for working with datastores and persistence providers in Guice applications
cclabelttf a Cocos2d class, subclass of CCTextureNode that knows how to render text labels
sql-match-all null
apache-superset an open source business intelligence web application that allows data exploration
connector-j null
ebextensions null
flexpaper an open-source, web-based document viewer.
screencast the act of recording the content of the screen to a video, often containing audio.
brokenimage A False/Forbidden image URL.
kgdb a source level debugger for the linux kernel
kimono UPDATE: KimonoLabs was acquired by Palantir in early 2016, and no longer supports this product
dmv Dynamic Management Views in SQL Server
ctor-initializer Constructor initializer list
nscontrol an abstract superclass that provides three fundamental features for implementing user interface devices: drawing devices on the screen, responding to user events, and sending action messa…
automocking Use automocking for questions related to programmatic creation of mocks from source code and metadata.
antisamy An API for ensuring user-supplied HTML/CSS is in compliance within an application's rules.
gwt-places GWT 2.1 introduced a built-in framework for browser history management
halt null
imagemin null
ghc-mod a command to enrich Haskell programming on editors
web-architecture null
mojolicious-lite A single-file DSL for the Mojolicious web framework for the Perl language.
esp32 For issues relating to the ESP 32 Wi-Fi and Bluetooth combo chip of Espressif.
arraydeque an object which implements an array-based double-ended queue data structure.
pysdl2 a Python wrapper around version 2.0 of the cross-platform multimedia library SDL
xlform an iOS library to create dynamic table-view forms
xinetd Extended Internet Services daemon, which starts internet protocols such as FTP or telnet as needed
tabula a java library and command line tool for extracting tables from PDF documents.
opencascade a software development platform
string-algorithm null
ooyala a video hosting service.
wrapall A jQuery method that wraps an HTML structure around all elements in the set of matched elements.
rxvt rxvt is a terminal emulator for the X Window System
angular-grid a high performance and feature rich data grid for AngularJS
google-storage-api null
applozic a Chat & Messaging SDK for your MOBILE and WEB apps
application-verifier a runtime verification tool for unmanaged code.
osgi-fragment null
applicationcontroller null
up-navigation null
urlrewriter null
viewstack null
servicestack-razor Razor ViewEngine support for the ServiceStack web services framework
audio-converter Audio conversion software converts audio file formats from one form into another
ironmq An easy-to-use, highly-available message queuing service built for distributed cloud applications with critical messaging needs
stxxl an open source out-of-core implementation of the STL, that is available for all major desktop operating systems under the Boost Software License 1.0.
http-accept-header Questions related to the HTTP Accept header, which defines the content types the client advertises it will accept.
data-ingestion null
process-explorer a Windows tool written by Mark Russinovich, used for examining currently running processes and their open handles
processors Relates to issues dealing with multiple processors
react-modal Accessible modal dialog component for React.JS
azure-connect null
rhino-mocks-3.5 Questions related to Rhino-Mocks version 3.5 and above
richdatatable a UI component which allow create a table dynamically
fubumvc an open source Front Controller-style MVC framework designed primarily for Web applications built on ASP.NET.
multer-s3 Questions related to streaming multer storage engine for AWS S3.
zend-test Unit Testing a Zend Framework
yui2 a set of utilities and controls from YAHOO!, written with JavaScript and CSS, for building richly interactive web applications
haxelib Tool which enables developers to share their code and libraries into a common repository.
xmodmap null
wsastartup null
word-sense-disambiguation is the problem in natural language processing of identifying the sense or meaning of a word when that word has multiple meanings.
word-processor null
xcode4.6.3 null
entityset null
back-button-control null
crosstool-ng Questions on using and developing crosstool-NG, a project to build compilers and tools from the gcc source and other related packages.
database-deployment null
database-cluster Use database-cluster for questions related to running a group of databases as a cluster, which helps prevent the existence of a single point of failure in case a database server fails or is compromise…
react-router-relay a tool used for integrating the react-router library into a Relay.js environment
readdirectorychangesw This WinAPI function retrieves information that describes the changes within the specified directory
python-memcached a Python based API for communicating with the memcached distributed memory object cache daemon.
popup-balloons null
oneclick null
particles.js A lightweight JavaScript library for creating particles
payment-method null
sata a forward-backward compatible family of advanced computer bus interfaces for mass storage devices with hot-swapping capability and transfer speeds up to 600 MiB/s.
routeconfig null
sfspeechrecognizer for iOS 10+ Speech framework's main class SFSpeechRecognizer.
scxml an XML-based language that provides syntax and a precise algorithm for describing and running generic state machines inspired by David Harel's State Chart semantics
select-function for questions regarding select system function
schemaexport null
regexp-like Oracle function similar to the LIKE condition, but REGEXP_LIKE performs regular expression pattern matching
resize-crop null
qhull a library for C and C++ which implements Quickhull algorithm for computing the convex hull.
qlistwidgetitem The QListWidgetItem class provides an item for use with the QListWidget item view class
readonlyattribute null
ray-picking null
radlistview null
valuemember null
varcharmax The maximum count of type varchar
vertex-attributes null
virtual-device-manager same as the AVD manager
webfont-loader a JavaScript library developed by Google and Typekit to give developers more control over how custom fonts are displayed on their webpages.
time-frequency Time-frequency methods provide more viable solutions than Fourier methods for signals that are shorter in time and not necessarily periodic
twistd an utility that can be used to run twisted applications
trusted null
tryton Is a three-tier high-level general purpose application platform under the license GPL-3 written in Python and using PostgreSQL as database engine
trail null
trichedit a VCL control that wraps the Windows Rich Edit common control
ubuntu-14.10 the next-to-last release of the Ubuntu Linux distribution
type-variables used in signatures for polymorphic functions in programming languages such as Haskell
unsupportedoperation thrown in Java to indicate that the requested operation is not supported.
target-framework null
table-functions A function in a relational database system that does not return a single value or row, but an arbitrary number of them
sitemap.xml An XML sitemap that describes the pages on a website
socketscan The SocketScan Software Development Kit enables developers to create custom applications with support for Bluetooth barcode scanners
sql-server-native-client null
spring-camel Spring wrapper over Apache Camel
sqlx a library which provides a set of extensions on go's standard database/sql library
tclsh Simple shell containing Tcl interpreter.
system-preferences null
stringgrid null
stlport a free, open-source, multiplatform C++ Standard Library implementation.
typo3-neos a next-generation open source content management system.
ubuntu-17.10 OFF-TOPIC
trailblazer a thin layer on top of Rails
tkmessagebox a tkinter module that is used to display message boxes in your applications
tokudb a storage engine for MySQL that is designed for high performance on write-intensive workloads while providing high compression and schema flexibility.
wcf-extensions null
webinvoke WebInvoke - Indicates a service operation is logically an invoke operation and that it can be called by the REST programming model
value-initialization Preparing an object or variable for use and assigning starting data to it.
virtual-path null
visio-vba Visual Basic for Applications for Microsoft Visio
radscheduler a rich, scheduling UI library sold by Telerik for the asp.net environment.
rackspace-cloudfiles an affordable, redundant, scalable, and dynamic storage service offering
ratelimit null
quantlib-swig Language bindings for QuantLib
query-parser null
remote-registry null
runbook a routine compilation of procedures and operations that the system administrator or operator carries out
occlusion null
opencv-mat A part of OpenCV API: http://docs.opencv.org/modules/core/doc/basic_structures.html
openvr an API and runtime that allows access to VR hardware from multiple vendors without requiring that applications have specific knowledge of the hardware they are targeting.
osx-yosemite-beta a major release of OS X which will be released in late 2014.
pluggable null
physicsjs A modular, extendable, and easy-to-use physics engine for JavaScript.
nextsibling A read-only property of javascript that return sibling text after target element.
sabredav a popular Web-, Cal- and CardDAV library for PHP.
angular-ui-sortable to better reference the UI.Sortable directive of angular.
region-monitoring null
cropperjs you might also include JavaScript and mvvm
cloudamqp An externally hosted RabbitMQ instance
back-testing A systematic approach to put a System-under-Test into a state, where historical data
ws-client null
z-axis the axis that is usually drawn as if vertical and usually shows the range of values of a variable dependent on two other variables or the third independent variable.
proto3 Protocol Buffers - Google's data interchange format
netlify Ask questions about the Netlify setup, config or just in general using the netlify-cli or online at app.netlify.com
cocos2d-x-3.x an open source game engine under MIT license
azkaban a batch workflow job scheduler created at LinkedIn to run their Hadoop Jobs.
reactive-cocoa-4 The fourth version of RAC
django-jsonfield null
django-mssql a SQL Server 2005/2008 backend for Django running on Windows.
profanity A sacrilegious word, or more generally an offensive word
line-segment null
distcc A program to distribute builds of C, C++, Objective C or Objective C++ code across several machines on a network
xamarin.winphone null
vector-tiles Questions about generating or using vector geospatial data served using tiles.
rake-test null
question2answer A popular open source Q&A platform using PHP and MySQL.
structured-bindings a feature proposed for C++1z that allow for declaring multiple variables initialized from a tuple or struct.
correlated null
audio-analysis To be used for questions related to the process of analyzing audio streams or files.
parameterbinding null
firefox-quantum the code name for Firefox 57, which introduced a new user interface to Firefox called Photon, a new CSS engine called Stylo, and many speed improvements in comparison to previous ve…
ipfw FreeBSD firewall and is built-in Mac OS X and DragonFly BSD .
ip-restrictions null
intel-syntax an x86 assembly syntax using , square brackets for memory operands, and keywords to set the size of an operand: e.g
redactor.js a WYSIWYG html editor.
recursive-regex Using a regular expression to parse an expression which contains the same expression e.g
urn In computing, a Uniform Resource Name is the historical name for a Uniform Resource Identifier that uses the urn scheme
seneca a microservices toolkit for Node.js
google-tasks Google Tasks API allow developers to search, read and update Tasks resources stored by Google Tasks service.
tagfile a JSP/Facelets specific term for a reuseable JSP/Facelets code fragment which is registered as a custom tag and is thus accessible under a custom namespace, such as `<my:tag>`.
tag-soup a SAX-compliant parser written in Java that parses HTML as it is found in the wild.
on-prem On-Premise denotes the software installed on a machine especially web applications.
strassen set of algorithms created by Volker Strassen for speeding up number and matrix multiplications
table-structure null
boostrap-grid null
boost-spirit-karma Any question related to boost spirit generators, which are part of the karma sub-library of the spirit Library
checkin-policy Team Foundation Server checkin policies.
boost-ublas A Boost C++ library directed towards scientific computing on the level of basic linear algebra constructions with matrices and vectors and their corresponding abstract operations.
driver-signing In the Windows context, driver signing refers to Microsoft's requirements that device driver binaries be signed with a certificate whose provenance Microsoft trusts, e.g
xml2js Simple XML to JavaScript object converter
drupal-content-types for questions about the usage of Drupal content types: managing, creating, filtering, displaying, and designing content types.
drupal-feeds for questions about the Feeds module.
esent an embeddable, transactional database engine built into Microsoft Windows
opennebula an open-source cloud computing toolkit for managing heterogeneous distributed data center infrastructures
high-traffic null
single-instance null
ultrawebgrid an ASP.NET data grid UI component developed by Infragistics.
jboss-seam a web application framework developed by JBoss, a division of Red Hat.
jboss-cache to provide enterprise-grade clustering solutions to Java-based frameworks, application servers or custom-designed Java SE applications
jboss-4.0.x JBoss Application Server, version 4.0.x
threadstatic An attribute indicating that the value of a static field is unique for each thread.
image-clipping null
git-blame a git command that shows what revision and author last modified each line of a file.
imagej-macro null
ansible-vault for questions regarding the usage of Ansible Vault for protecting data for playbooks and roles.
nsd Network Service Discovery allows the identification of devices on the local network that support the services your software requests.
nrvo C++ copy-elision of named return-values
npm-shrinkwrap A deployment mechanism used by npm
deployment-project null
savepoints a way of implementing subtransactions within a relational database management system by indicating a point within a transaction that can be "roll…
magnify null
multiplicity null
idoc a proprietary server site scripting language for WebCenter Content server, previously Oracle UCM, previously Stellent Content Managment Server
java-date null
unmodifiable null
univocity very well done CSV/TSV parsers for Java, very flexible and optimized
boxfuse Boxfuse lets you deploy and run JVM, Node.js and Go apps applications on VirtualBox and AWS
web-search null
forward-compatibility a quality of software written to run on newer, as-yet-unreleased versions of its dependencies, i.e
flask-testing null
green-threads threads that are scheduled by a virtual machine instead of natively by the underlying operating system
constraint-satisfaction null
movilizer A development platform for enterprise mobile applications
rsvp-promise The promise library of the suite
android-gravity null
tipfy a small but powerful framework made specifically for Google App Engine.
title-case In string or sentence formatting, title case is the term used for capitalizing the first character of each principal word.
phpdocx a PHP library designed to generate completely dynamic, fully customizable and digitally signed Word documents.
initwithcoder null
codi The Apache MyFaces Extensions CDI project hosts portable extensions for Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java-Platform .
express-graphql GraphQL HTTP Server Middleware
soc an integrated circuit that integrates all components of a computer or other electronic systems
library-design null
luci LuCI
lpcwstr LPCWSTR - Pointer to const wchar_t string
sigbus null
double-submit-prevention null
shorthand-if null
spectral-density null
industrial Industrial questions focus on topics related to applying software technologies to industrial purposes and challenges, such as the Industrial Internet of Things.
nano-server a deeply refactored version of Windows Server with a small footprint and remotely managed installation, optimized for the cloud and a DevOps workflow.
french Computing issues involving the French language
filab a working instance of FI-WARE available for experimentation.
elgamal null
dynamic-script-loading null
dublin-core a metadata standard which consists of a set of meta elements used to describe and index documents
duplex-channel null
draw2d-js a JavaScript/HTML5 library for canvas development
eot a compact form of OpenType fonts designed by Microsoft for use as embedded fonts on web pages.
enyim null
granularity the extent to which a material or system is composed of distinguishable pieces or grains
google-my-business-api You can use the Google My Business API to create and edit locations in Google My Business.
gulp-rev a gulp plugin for static assets revisioning.
grunt-browserify Grunt task for node-browserify
groupstyle null
genericdao null
inputverifier An InputVerifier validates input in Graphical User Interface .
nook an e-reader/tablet from Barnes and Noble
noop the action performed by a function or a sequence of programming language statements if the function or code has no effect.
nntp the Network News Transport Protocol used to transfer Usenet news around
non-printing-characters A character code that does not represent a written symbol, and is usually a printing or telecommunication control character
ntext a
mpu null
mser In computer vision, maximally stable extremal regions are used as a method of blob detection in images.
microsoft-speech-platform The Microsoft Speech Platform consists of a Software Development Kit , a Runtime, and Runtime Languages t…
isapi-redirect a server plugin that facilitates transactions between Microsoft IIS and Apache Tomcat.
ios11.2 null
jide a Swing component library developed by Jide Software
jfrog-cli should be used for questions regarding usage of the JFrog CLI
jqassistant an open source source code analytics tool that scans various aspects of a software project into a graph database
jquery-layout a jQuery plugin
link-tag null
longitudinal Data from studies or processes with multiple observations over time
libx265 C/C++ library that encode video streams into H.265/HEVC format
kotlin-null-safety null
wicket-7 null
cmsis a vendor-independent hardware abstraction layer for the Cortex-M processor series.
cnc CNC stands for Computer Numerical Control
buffer-overrun null
blockquote A means of setting one or more lines of text apart from the body of a page of text
basm BASM = Borland/Codegear/Embarcadero's Built-In Assembler, the Delphi inline assembler
basehttprequesthandler null
directcompute an application programming interface that supports general-purpose computing on graphics processing units on Microsoft's Windows Vista, Windows 7 and Windows 8.
device-width null
dirty-data null
declare-styleable null
data-distribution-service Data Distribution Service for Real-Time systems V1.2 is a standard finalized in 2007 by the Object Management Group
codenarc a static analysis tool for Groovy source code, enabling monitoring and enforcement of many coding standards and best practices.
colordialog An interface that allows to pick specific color through a modal dialog box.
csg Constructive Solid Geometry
context-sensitive-grammar a type of grammar that generates precisely the context-sensitive languages.
sharepointfoundation2010 null
2-legged a mechanism for third party applications, mostly mobile and desktop clients, of getting user protected resource by getting access token in exchange of user and password.
advapi32 Anything related to MS Windows Advanced Services API for 32bit systems , residing in the `advapi32.dll` library
actor-model a mathematical model of concurrent computation that treats as the universal primitives of concurrent computation: in response to a message that it recei…
atdd Acceptance Test Driven Development
argument-deduction a C++ language feature where the compilers compares function template parameter type with the type of the corresponding argument of the call
android-fab used for a promoted action
android-for-work an enterprise mobility management platform that lets companies deliver a secure, productive, and rich mobile experience to their employees
android-photos null
apache-commons-codec Apache Commons Codec provides implementations of common encoders and decoders such as Base64, Hex, Phonetic and URLs.
validation-application-bl The Enterprise Library Validation Application Block provides a library of classes, called validators, that supplies the code for validating .NET Framework data types
rolling null
supertype null
kadanes-algorithm a dynamic programming approach to the maximum subarray problem, that is, is the task of finding the contiguous subarray within a one-dimensional array of numbers
kde4 null
effort a tool that enables a convenient way to create automated tests for Entity Framework based applications.
path-parameter null
pasteboard null
mergeddictionaries null
ora-00001 unique constraint violated
rollbar Full-stack error tracking system available for any language.
roulette-wheel-selection A type of selection operator used in evolutionary algorithms in which a theoretical roulette wheel is spun
gatein GateIn Portal
galois-field Galois field also knows as finite field in abstract algebra is a field that contains a finite number of elements.
p12 null
cvx a Matlab-based modeling system for convex optimization
amadeus a technology solutions provider to the global travel and tourism industry
aikau The new UI framework for clients.
adb-shell a CLI tool with multiple commands to interact with Android Device during development phase .
afincrementalstore Core Data Persistence with AFNetworking
3d-rendering Anything related to the process of building a realistic graphic representation of a 3-d object using 2-d images.
24bit usually used to specify a specific attribute
eigenclass In Ruby, an Eigenclass, also called a Singleton Class, is where methods defined on a specific object are actually stored
content-for null
copyonwritearraylist an implementation of a List collection which makes a copy of the underlying array each time the list is modified
cqlinq a LINQ-like query language used by NDepend to reflectively analyze .NET source code using the NDepend tool.
cumulative-frequency null
current-page null
d3dx a deprecated high level API library which is written to supplement Microsoft's Direct3D graphics API.
conjunctive-normal-form in conjunctive normal form if it is a conjunction of clauses, where a clause is a disjunction of literals, where a literal and its complement cannot appear in the …
config-transformation null
dart-unittest A library for writing dart unit tests.
datarowview a customized view of a DataRow.
dds-format file format that was introduced with DirectX 7 to store uncompressed and compressed textures
disambiguation refers to the process of making something less ambiguous.
domcontentloaded DOM event The DOMContentLoaded event is fired when the document has been completely loaded and parsed, without waiting for stylesheets, images, and subframes to finish loading
django-static null
dmp null
btrfs a copy-on-write file system for Linux
bouncedemail A bounced mail indicates that the mail could not be delivered successfully
bounded-types a data type that has, by construction, upper and/or lower bounds on the values that inhabit it.
cache-expiration null
ceilometer The Ceilometer project aims to deliver a unique point of contact for billing systems to acquire all of the measurements they need to establish customer billing, across all current OpenStack core compo…
knpmenu The KnpMenu library provides object oriented menus for PHP 5.3 which can be used with or without Symfony 2.
lync-server-2010 For questions about Microsoft Lync Server 2010.
lora a WAN for IoT
m2e-pro null
lightspeed an Object-Relational Mapper for .NET.
libxml-ruby The libxml-ruby gem provides appropriate bindings for the libxml2 XML toolkit provided by Gnome.
lipo `lipo` command available in `OSX` that creates or operates on multi-architecture files.
js-cookie A simple, lightweight JavaScript API for handling cookies
jenkins-build-flow Build Flow plugin for the Jenkins continuous integration server.
method-names null
metalsmith an extremely simple, pluggable static site generator.
max-size null
morphic a user interface framework first developed for Self and later ported to Squeak Smalltalk
milo an open source implementation of OPC-UA
ntpd a .
n-triples For questions related to N-Triples: a plain text serialization format for RDF and a subset of the Turtle serialization format
node-canvas a Cairo backed Canvas implementation for NodeJS.
mxe a platform that cross-compiles various tools for Windows from Unix systems.
mysql-select-db null
multiple-constructors null
network-service null
icepdf Questions related to ICEpdf, an open source Java PDF engine for viewing, printing, and manipulating PDF documents
ibm-cloud-plugin for questions related to IBM Cloud Plugins, used for extending IBM Cloud CLI capability.
htmleditorextender a Control that allows you to easily create and edit HTML content
group-summaries null
grunt-contrib-jasmine A grunt plugin to run Jasmine specs headlessly through PhantomJS
hammock a C# HTTP API client for consuming REST web services.
google-pie-chart rendered within the browser using SVG or VML
grails-searchable Popular Grails plugin that add search functionality to Grails domain models
grails-services null
erlang-ports null
evaluator null
export-to-xml null
filter-input null
find-by-sql Executes a custom SQL query against your database and returns all the results
f#-scripting a process of using F# Interactive to do exploratory development.
freshdesk Questions about Freshdesk API, SSO Integration with Freshdesk accounts, customising Freshdesk account's support portals and developing apps on Freshdesk Marketplace.
gcovr null
ncalc a mathematical expressions evaluator in .NET.
nav-pills null
wm-copydata null
double-submit-problem Double submit problem
dot.js a JavaScript templating function with emphasis on performance under V8 and Node.js.
awss3transfermanager High level utility for managing transfers to Amazon S3.
comvisible null
lucidworks null
luminance null
dynamic-finders null
abrecord an abstract superclass which represents an object such as a person in the Address Book, and allows you to access generic properties such as a person's name
global-hotkey null
soomla an open source framework for mobile game economies
external-application null
extensible null
snapcraft a build and packaging tool developed by Canonical which allows packaging the software in an entity called snap.
android-textattributes null
android-speech-api The API for Android platform that provides support for both speech recognition and speech synthesis.
android-screen-pinning An api to make an app running in kiosk-mode
toplink-essentials The Java Persistence API Implementation at GlassFish
torii A set of clean abstractions for authentication in Ember.js
timestamping null
slam-algorithm Simultaneous localization and mapping is a technique used by robots and autonomous vehicles to build up a map within an unknown environment , or to update a map with…
skpaymenttransaction The SKPaymentTransaction class defines objects residing in the payment queue
hunit a unit testing framework for Haskell, similar to JUnit for Java.
hung null
stable-sort stable if the initial order of equal values is preserved after sorting.
sqlgeometry The SqlGeometry class in MSSQL Server API representing data in a Euclidean coordinate system.
const-char null
eclipse-clp a constraint logic programming system that works with Prolog as a basic engine
scriptcs scriptcs makes it easy to write and execute C#, either by using the REPL or your simple text editor
scoverage a code coverage tool for scala that offers statement and branch coverage.
fosfacebookbundle The FOSFacebookBundle enables integration of the Facebook PHP and JS SDK's.
adminer an open-source database management tool distributed in a single PHP file
bpms BPMS stands for Business Process Management System.
java-package used in Java in-order to prevent naming conflicts, to control access, to make searching/locating and usage of classes, interfaces, enumerations and annotations easier etc
javahl a part of the Subversion project
jquery-csv a jQuery plugin for parsing CSV data into JS arrays or objects, or for converting JS objects and arrays to CSV files.
multiple-select-query null
mahalanobis A dissimilarity metric to compute distance between a point and a distribution.
icsharpcode a syntax highlighting control for .NET program
kitematic an open source project built to simplify and streamline using Docker on a Mac
design-view A view in a RAD tool that allows you to design what the user sees.
facebook-ui null
convenience-methods shorthand abstractions which invoke another method by implicitly passing in default argument for a common use case
systemcolors null
live-connect-sdk An open source framework that connects mobile apps with multiple TV platforms.
file-security null
miniprofiler a simple and lightweitht mini-profiler for .NET, Ruby, Go and Node.js.
tvos10 null
ulong null
es5-shim Support for ECMAScript5 on older browsers
chomsky-normal-form In formal language theory, a context-free grammar is said to be in Chomsky normal form if all of its production rules are of the form: A -> BC or A -> α or S -> ε where A, B and C …
strictness In the semantics of Haskell, strictness relates to whether evaluating an expression forces evaluation of a sub-expression.
streamsets null
opacitymask null
go-reflect null
petri-net a description of a system in terms of net elements
angularjs-ng-touch The ngTouch module provides touch events and other helpers for touch-enabled devices
angularjs-ng-href Part of AngularJS
google-api-webmasters The Google Webmaster Tools API allows developers to submit, read, and update data in Google Webmaster Tools for verified websites.
google-api-objc-client The Google Data APIs Objective-C Client Library provides an iPhone static library, a Mac OS X framework, and source code that make it easy to access data through Google Data APIs.
fitdistrplus R package: Help to Fit of a Parametric Distribution to Non-Censored or Censored Data
login-system A computer system that allows access to a restricted area.
parallel-arrays null
structure-from-motion null
texmaker For questions related to programming issues in the TexMaker crossplatform Latex editor.
http-kit a minimalist, efficient, Ring-compatible HTTP client/server for Clojure
linestyle Use for questions regarding the styling of lines in plots
proc-object null
blackberry-qnx a mobile platform developed by Research In Motion
prototype-pattern created by copying a prototypical instance
zend-rest null
json-view null
dashboard-designer null
yii-relations null
xenomai a real-time development framework cooperating with the Linux kernel, to provide a pervasive, interface-agnostic, hard real-time support to user space applications, seamlessly integrated int…
entity-model The Entity data model specifies the conceptual model of the data, using a modelling technique that is itself called Entity Data Model, an extended version of the Entity-Relationship model
enterprise-portal Enterprise Portal for Microsoft Dynamics AX provides a web-based application framework that allows for users to interact with data in Microsoft Dynamics AX through a web browser
technical-debt The term was coined by Ward Cunningham to describe the obligation that a software organization incurs when it chooses a design or construction approach that's expedient in the short t…
lab a simple test utility for node.
state-saving null
register-allocation the process of assigning a large number of target program variables onto a small number of available CPU registers.
launch-services an API on Mac OS X which allows a running application to launch files and documents similarly to the Finder or Dock
angulartics an AngularJS module that enables web analytics for your application using the vendor of your choice.
angular-test null
auto-close null
plugin-architecture null
plots.jl Plotting interface and wrapper for several julia plotting packages
playframework-json The Play Framework for Scala contains its own JSON manipulation library, which provides utilities for parsing and manipulating JSON, as well as serialization from and deserialization to Scala objects.
pvrtc a texture compression algorithm used by Power-VR-based hardware.
pycparser a parser for the C language, written in pure Python
opera-mobile a web browser for smart phones developed by Opera Software ASA
ocp the Open-Closed Principle of object-oriented design, one of the SOLID principles.
on-demand-resources introduced in iOS 9
perfect-scrollbar a lightweight jQuery plugin that allows you to beautify the default scroll bars without changing or adding any style on original elements.
pagertabstrip an interactive indicator of the current, next, and previous pages of a ViewPager.
overlayitem null
sametime Collaboration and Instant Messaging software developed by IBM Corporation
routevalues null
rowtype null
server-load null
remotecommand null
reform a ruby gem for creating form objects decoupled from persistence models.
refinery a Ruby on rails CMS that supports Rails 3.2
resharper-5.0 In version 5.0, there have been numerous bug fixes, new features, support for VisualStudio 2010 , performance and usability enhancements, and much more
resource-file null
rfc2822 Standard syntax for text messages sent between computer users, within the framework of messages.
warm-up null
votive a codename for Visual Studio add-ons for Windows Installer XML Toolset
webintents a framework for client-side service discovery and inter-application communication.
web-container null
window-object a DOM interface that represents a browser window/tab that contains a DOM document
to-json Returns a JSON representation of the object
toggleswitch null
trigram a special case of the N-gram, where N is 3
tzinfo a Ruby timezone library to provide daylight savings aware transformations between times in different timezones.
uimodaltransitionstyle a enum created by Apple to set the transition style of the ViewController when presented.
unselect null
unchecked-exception In Java programming, an exception that does not need to be declared in a method's throws clause, and is not required to be caught.
stencils vector shapes of common user interfaces that can be reused for rapid prototyping.
strtod the C standard library function for converting an ASCII string into a floating-point number.
subject-observer for questions related to an Observer for a Subject
skeleton-code basically a preset of code that can be seen as a starting point.
smalldatetime null
smartadmin a boostrap web application that provides a suite of widgets and components for administration and dashboard systems.
sitefinity-5 Telerik's next generation content management platform
simplecaptcha a Java library for generating CAPTCHA images and audio for the challenge/answer pairs.
sikuli-ide an Integrated Development Environment for sikuli script
skeletal-animation a technique in computer animation in which a character consists of 2D/3D model and hierarchical set of interconnected bones used to animate the mesh.
specifier null
spray-dsl An open-source toolkit for building REST/HTTP-based integration layers on top of Scala and Akka
spark-framework Spark Framework - A tiny Java web framework
spark-hive Used when using spark-hive module or HiveContext
string-function used in computer programming languages to manipulate a string or query information about a string.
tabbed-view null
sysv an initialization daemon for unix-like systems
textfieldparser Provides methods and properties for parsing structured text files.
user-identification null
usebean null
tidyeval null
wavemaker Developing and deploying web applications using the WaveMaker, standards based IDE that runs in a browser.
web-garden a feature of IIS 6.0 that allows an application pool to be supported by multiple worker processes.
websocket-sharp null
virtual-ip-address null
virtualfilesystem Use virtualfilesystem for questions related to APIs which facilitate the creation of data abstractions which behave like real file systems, such as accessing database records as virtual file resources…
visual-studio-test-runner Microsoft Visual Studio 2012 provides an open framework that allows 3rd parties to integrate their test frameworks into the Visual Studio and Team Build experience.
query-notifications null
query-hints null
qudpsocket The QUdpSocket class provides a UDP socket
qiodevice the base interface class of all I/O devices in Qt.
razor-declarative-helpers null
server-to-server Communications between a server and server.
sharepoint-userprofile null
scsf a guidance offering that provides architecture guidance to help developers build Composite Smart Clients using the Microsoft platform.
roboto a Google font family.
perf4j a set of utilities for calculating and displaying perfomance statistics for Java code
payfort an Online Payment Gateway
parsefacebookutils null
ocra OCRA builds Windows executables from Ruby source code
onlinejudge a common name for websites dedicated to programming competitions.
private-inheritance a form of inheritance is which the public and protected portion of the base class becomes private in the derived class and the derived class has no access to the private members…
playstation a series of console devices created and developed by Sony.
plumber an R package used to create HTTP APIs from R
nhapi an HL7 2.x parser for the .NET Framework
readable null
pyexcel when discussing issues related to `pyexcel`, a Python package designed to provide a single API for working with various Excel-related file formats.
reification Reification refers to process of taking an abstract concept and making a concrete representation out of it.
static-memory-allocation null
crf++ an open source implementation of Conditional Random Fields for segmenting/labeling sequential data.
criterion a library for benchmarking Haskell code
command-timeout null
cloaking should be use when developing techniques against web crawler or spider web bots
xmpp4r A XMPP/Jabber library for ruby
xcode7-beta2 Apple's Xcode 7 beta 2 was eased on 6/23/2015
header-only called header-only if the full definitions of all macros, functions and classes comprising the library are visible to the compiler in a header file form.
hdbc a Haskell library for connecting to and querying relational database management systems
jsonslurper a Groovy class that makes parsing and working with JSON simpler than with Java.
jsp-fragments JSP Fragments Encapsulates a portion of JSP code in an object that can be invoked as many times as needed.
zend-lucene the lucene library of the Zend Framework, which is a powerful open source web application framework for developing PHP 5 web applications
zend-filter The zend-filter component provides a set of commonly needed data filters
zebra-striping a diagnostic shading technique used in computer graphics to visualize curvature on smooth surfaces.
azure-deployment-slots null
communicationexception null
discover null
ioio a product which lets you connect electronic circuits to an Android device and control them from an Android application.
qtdbus The QtDBus module, part of the Qt framework, is a Unix-only library that you can use to perform Inter-Process Communication using the D-Bus protocol.
data-hiding null
data-quality Data quality could refer to conditions of the data and techniques to evaluate or improve such conditions
tree-nodes null
iris-recognition Anything related to iris recognition techniques, i.e
struts-html for questions related to struts-html tag library.
capnproto a zero-copy data interchange format described by a schema language not unlike Protobuf, and an associated capability-based RPC system.
cortana-skills-kit A collection of APIs used for developing new capabilities for Cortana, Microsoft's intelligent assistant.
firebird1.5 For questions specific to Firebird 1.5
nghttp2 a HTTP/2 C library
hosted-app null
type-assertion null
sentence-similarity null
vips a fast image processing library with low memory needs
android-8.1-oreo Android 8.1 Oreo MR1 , successor of Android 8.0 Oreo.
joincolumn null
persistent-volumes for Kubernetes persistent volume related questions.
osmosis a command line Java application for processing OpenStreetMap data.
google-style-guide The Google Style Guide project holds the style guidelines googlers use for Google code.
stream-graph chart used for plotting time series data by their relative area
opencv3.3 only for OpenCV specific version 3.3, for general questions use opencv tag
tabular-form A tabular form enables users to update multiple rows in a table in an Oracle database at once from a single page
rust-tokio null
pymunk a 2D physics library for Python built on top of Chipmunk.
wowza-transcoder Transform incoming live streams from encoders, IP cameras, IPTV headends and other live sources to H.264 for delivery everywhere.
zorba General purpose XQuery processor; written in C++
drupal-ctools primarily a set of APIs and tools to improve the developer experience.
default.png null
highrise a CRM for HR specialists.
moinmoin an Open Source wiki program written in Python.
momentics a comprehensive, Eclipse-based integrated development environment with innovative profiling tools for maximum insight into system behavior.
jdk6 For issues relating to setting up or using the Java Development Kit , version 6.
hal-json a format you can use in your API that gives you a simple way of linking
gwtupload file upload library for GWT including client and server classes
opensql used for SAP database access in the ABAP programming language.
system.drawing.color The System.Drawing namespace provides access to GDI+ basic graphics functionality.
system.net.sockets null
conversion-tracking null
klee KLEE: Unassisted and Automatic Generation of High-Coverage, is a symbolic virtual machine built on top of the LLVM compiler infrastructure
kinect-interaction a term referring to the set of features that allow Kinect-enabled applications to incorporate gesture-based interactivity
idispatchmessageinspector an extension point in the .Net WCF library which allows a WCF message to a service to be intercepted prior to it being serviced and again before the response is sent to th…
mahotas a set of functions for image processing and computer vision in Python.
bro a network analysis framework - implemented as a domain specific programming language to enable users to create powerful network security monitoring capabilities while also providing a com…
flex-mx a standard library for skinning components in Adobe Flex.
flatiron.js an adaptable framework for building modern web applications
early-binding a mechanism in which objects are declared to the compiler as being of a specific type.
sqlitejdbc the JDBC interface of SQLite database
hydra a network logon password cracker
iban International Bank Account Number
pixel-manipulation null
nolearn a Python package with utility functions for machine learning tasks.
cctv null
omniorb a Free CORBA ORB for C++ and Python
sld an XML schema specified by the Open Geospatial Consortium for describing the appearance of map layers.
grunt-wiredep Grunt plug-in, which finds your components and injects them directly into the HTML file you specify.
android-identifiers null
android-junit based on JUnit
modality a form of communication between a user and a program.
genson a Java-to-JSON API, for serializing and deserializing Java to and from JSON.
php-imagine Image manipulation library for PHP 5.3 inspired by Python's PIL and other image libraries.
tooltwist a web/mobile development platform designed to scale and make optimal use of people, equipment and capital.
injectable null
android-timer null
median-of-medians a deterministic, worst-case O-time algorithm for the selection problem
library-path null
librsvg a library to render SVG files using cairo.
libpd the embeddable version of the realtime computer music system
visual-c++-2010-express The April 2010 release of Microsoft Visual C++ Express, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
dymo Dymo label printer SDK related questions.
dynamic-class-creation Some Object Oriented programming languages allow creating new classes in run-time
visual-studio-project null
biological-neural-network Biological neural networks provide the inspiration for artificial neural network algorithms
3d-secure an XML-based protocol designed to be an additional security layer for online credit and debit card transactions.
showdown a to HTML converter written in Javascript and based on the original John Gruber's work.
sphero the world's first robotic ball that you control with a tilt, touch, or swing from your smartphone or tablet.
indic the writing systems that are used by languages spoken by about two billion people in India and its neighboring countries, as well is Southeast Asian countries such as Thailand, Burma…
nantcontrib an open source project that extends the NAnt build system by providing custom tasks.
mysql.data a fully-managed ADO.NET driver for MySQL.
gem5 a modular platform for computer system architecture research, encompassing system-level architecture as well as processor microarchitecture.
formencode a python web validation and form generation package.
fluorinefx a remoting framework to interface between Adobe interfaces and ASP.Net back-ends.
fileversioninfo null
flashplayer-10 Adobe Flash Player version 10.
eventlog-source Questions about the Source attribute of Microsoft Windows Event Log Entries
enum-map optimized Map implementation exclusively for Enum keys.
driveinfo null
dynamic-method null
gutter desirable white space between columns that makes for better legibility.
geosphere An R package to calculate the distances and related measures for angular locations
git-reflog For issues relating to the git-reflog command to manage information recorded in reflogs.
http-proxy-middleware Node.js proxying made simple
hocon HOCON keep the semantics from JSON, but make it more convenient as a human-editable config file format.
musicxml a digital sheet music exchange and distribution format
n a CLI for managing multiple Node.js / io.js versions.
non-member-functions null
no-data Absence of data or data-points
mootools1.2 a version of the MooTools JavaScript Library first released on June 12th, 2008.
montage The technique of selecting, editing, and piecing together separate sections of film to form a continuous whole.
modx-resources Basically, Resources represent pages in MODX Revolution CMS
matchmedia Use matchmedia for questions related to programmatic discovery of API support for various media features in the runtime environment of a web browser.
menhir a parser generator for OCaml
mendeley a free reference manager and academic social network, with an API for developers to create their own applications.
ios10.2 null
jtreetable a Java Swing component that combines tree and table capabilities in one
json-framework null
mali The Mali™ series of graphics processing units are a series of semiconductor intellectual property cores produced by ARM® Holdings for licensing in various ASIC designs by ARM partners.
jwysiwyg minimalistic WYSIWYG editor built as jQuery plugin.
lerna a tool designed to help develop JavaScript projects in a single git repo containing multiple related npm packages.
less.js the official compiler for LESS language
cer In .NET Framework, a constrained execution region defines an area in which the common language runtime is constrained from throwing out-of-band exceptions that would prevent the code in th…
chatterbot a machine learning, conversational dialog engine for creating chat bots
wep a security algorithm for wireless networks.
email-bounces null
c2664 a Compiler Error that occurs when one tries to pass a function a parameter of an incompatible type.
callbackurl a URL passed to a server as part of a request
best-fit null
doxywizard a GUI front-end for configuring and running doxygen.
dday an iCalendar class library written in C# and based on the RFC 2445 standard
declspec null
delve a debugger for Go
data-class Refers to data classes feature in Kotlin programming language.
daphne a HTTP, HTTP2 and WebSocket protocol server for ASGI, and developed to power Django Channels.
completion-block null
coderunner Developer tool to
ember.js-view the class in Ember responsible for encapsulating templates of HTML content, combining templates with data to render as sections of a page's DOM, and registering and responding to user-in…
cordova-admob null
content-tag to ask questions related to HTML5 content element
sharepoint-object-model SharePoint Object Model exposes SharePoint API
afhttpclient null
actualheight set by the rendering system, and may be different depending on the heights of other elements and overall size constraints
android-cookiemanager a public class in the Android API that manages the cookies used by an application's WebView instances
arangojs a NoSQL database with graphs support
azure-log-analytics use for Azure OMS\Log Analytics questions
gaufrette PHP5 library that provides a filesystem abstraction layer
role-based null
ora-00936 an error message in Oracle.
mergefield Merge fields allow you to define a placeholder where pieces of dynamic information can be injected
pathlib pathlib offers classes representing filesystem paths with semantics appropriate for different operating systems.
kendo-panelbar a Kendo widget that displays hierarchical data as a multi-level, expandable widget that is useful for constrained areas of a page.
bump-mapping a technique in computer graphics for simulating bumps and wrinkles on the surface of an object.
itemspaneltemplate null
partition-by null
cfrunloop null
gated-checkin a TFS feature that allows code submitted to a TFS source control system to be built and validated before being accepted for submission to the source control
vaadin-charts Vaadin Charts add-on, a commercial software library for sophisticated charting and graphing data-visualizations in Vaadin apps.
utop an improved toplevel for OCaml
aiff <p>Audio Interchange File Format</p>
akeneo an open source Product Information Management system.
cvi an event-driven, ANSI C89 programming environment developed by National Instruments.
p6spy a framework that enables database activity to be seamlessly intercepted and logged with no code changes to the application.
packaged-task null
packet-injection null
qurl Class for handling URLs from Qt
azure-emulator null
avvideocomposition null
avaudioplayernode null
avrcp Audio/Video, Remote Control Profile
asymmetric null
apache-kudu For questions related to Apache Kudu
android-flavors null
acts-as-audited an ORM extension that logs all changes to your Rails models.
adodb-php a an open source PHP database abstraction layer, schema management tool, session management and date/time library
post-meta null
powerbuilder-build-deploy null
custom-cursor null
codemirror-modes null
colt A set of open source libraries for high-performance scientific computing written in Java and developed at CERN.
comboboxmodel null
concurrent-mark-sweep a garbage collection algorithm, known for its use on the Java Virtual Machine, which can reduce stop-the-world times on machines with limited resources.
darcs A distributed source code management system, with a simple command-line UI and precise merging.
data-comparison null
dataset-designer null
data-exchange null
deleted-functions C++11 introduced the ability to mark member functions as deleted, which means that any attempt to call those functions causes a compilation error
declarative-programming a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation without explicit describing its control flow.
directxmath The DirectXMath API provides SIMD-friendly C++ types and functions for common linear algebra and graphics math operations common to DirectX applications.
big-ip Q&A and discussion posts around F5's BIG-IP's security and application delivery controller solutions
base-address null
bz2 the file extension of compressed files by bzip2.
byte-shifting null
boringssl Google's fork of OpenSSL.
cassandra-jdbc A JDBC-compliant driver for Cassandra using CQL.
circos a software package for visualizing data and information
lf a special character .
macdeployqt Qt has a special Mac deployment tool macdeployqt designed to automate the process of creating an application bundle containing Qt libraries.
jviewport an java swing component that draw the visible region of a scrollable area
jhipster-registry null
jets3t a Java toolkit and application suite for Amazon S3/CloudFront and Google Storage
isession null
jenkins-declarative-pipeline A plugin tool for Jenkins which presents a simplified and opinionated syntax on top of the Pipeline sub-systems.
javax.ws.rs null
jammit an industrial strength asset packaging library for Rails, providing both the CSS and JavaScript concatenation and compression that you'd expect, as well as YUI Compressor, Closure Compiler, …
microsoft-speech-api The Microsoft Speech API provides a high-level interface between an application and speech engines
master-data-management Master Data Management aims to provide a single point of reference for an organisation's slow-moving but critical data
mangodb an ORM for MongoDB, used with the Kohana PHP framework.
mktileoverlay iOS implementation to draw overlays or replace a map using bitmap tiles.
modifier-key a special key on a computer keyboard that temporarily modifies the normal action of another key when pressed together.
mobile-angular-ui null
object.observe a proposed mechanism for bringing true data-binding to the browser
name-collision Within the context of computers and computer programming, is the technical term for an instance in which two items have the same name within some logical enclosure
neo4j-java-api null
heist a Haskell template system supporting both HTML5 and XML.
httrack HTTrack
homogenous-transformation Related to questions about transformations in homogeneous coordinates.
imapi The Image Mastering Application Programming Interface, or IMAPI, is a component of Microsoft Windows operating system used for CD and DVD authoring and recording.
inspec Questions related to the InSpec testing framework by Chef.
gitlab-ce null
genealogy the study of families and the tracing of their lineages and history.
goclipse an Eclipse plugin that adds IDE functionality to the Eclipse platform for the Go programming language
git-show null
godaddy-api Questions regarding GoDaddy API
google-cloud-nl google-cloud-nl indicates a question relates to the Google Cloud NL API
hanami an open source web framework for Ruby developed by Luca Guidi.
haneke a lightweight image cache for iOS.
grunt-contrib-imagemin Minify PNG, JPEG and GIF images
gulp-rename a gulp plugin to rename files easily.
drillthrough null
finalization intended for questions regarding programmatically releasing memory in conjuction with garbage collection, external resources and weak references.
fieldinfo null
freetextbox a WYSIWYG Rich HTML editor control for ASP.NET.
mysql-5.0 null
natural-key comprised from attributes that have intrinsic logical meaning
sigaction used to change the action taken by a process on receipt of a specific signal.
spliterator like a Iterator, but it supports not only methods for traversing a source of data, but also for partitioning it
composer.json null
dynamic-analysis Dynamic analysis extracts information about programs by executing them on a real or virtual processor.
global-temp-tables temporary tables visible to all sessions
controller-action null
snapping null
soa-suite a comprehensive, hot-pluggable software suite to build, deploy and manage Service-Oriented Architectures .
inplace-editing null
clarifai Image & Video Recognition API
tinder a location-based social discovery application.
grunt-contrib-jshint a grunt plugin to validate files with JSHint.
oidc-client-js Use oidc-client-js for questions related to the certified OpenID Connect JavaScript library
node-imagemagick an Imagemagick module for Node.
pivottable.js a Javascript Pivot Table implementation with drag'n'drop, written by Nicolas Kruchten
rspec-mocks the part of the RSpec testing framework that provides test doubles: stubs, mocks and spies.
sqlps The sqlps utility starts a Windows PowerShell 2.0 session with the SQL Server PowerShell provider and cmdlets loaded and registered.
human-interface null
movable null
flattr Technical questions about building third party Flattr applications and integrating Flattr on web sites/services.
numeric-keypad null
security-policy null
security-framework an iOS and OSX API, which provides Authorization Services; Certificate, Key, and Trust Services; Cryptographic Message Syntax Services; and Keychain Services.
multipleoutputs null
google-inbox Google email app for Android, iOS, and Google's Chrome browser.
unittest2 null
facebook-sdk-3.14.x null
c-str Anything related to `c_str` method of class `std::basic_string` of C++ standard library.
css-parsing the abbreviation of Cascading Style Sheets
cssresource For questions about CssResources in the Google Web Toolkit.
dob a common abbreviation of Date of Birth
sbatch sbatch submits a batch script to SLURM
filecontentresult an ActionResult in ASP.NET MVC that is used to send byte array as HTTP response.
liveedit tag for discussion involving real-time distributed code editing.
litedb a free, open-source, embedded NoSQL database for .NET
ants a propriety .NET memory profiler
anytime The Any+Time™ JavaScript Library includes a highly-customizable, jQuery-compatible datepicker/ timepicker and a powerful Date/String parse/format utility.
image-file null
jboss-portal a platform that provides a runtime environment for JSR168 and JSR286 portlets
jboss-logging a logging facade library which includes support for internationalized logging by way of an annotated interface mechanism
threaded-comments null
mongolite High-level, high-performance MongoDB client for R based on libmongoc and jsonlite.
python-bindings null
drupal-contextual-filters in Drupal 7…
drools-kie-server null
rcov For issues relating to the Rcov coverage tool for Ruby.
chefdk Chef Development Kit brings some essential tools for developing and testing Chef cookbooks.
boost-statechart a C++ library allowing you to easily and quickly define state machines.
storybook a development environment for Javascript UI components
jnotify Library that allows Java applications to listen to file system events
recursion-schemes reusable patterns for making recursive calls
redeclaration for questions related to redeclaration, such as overwriting a function.
redeploy null
semantic-zoom null
type-promotion One special case of implicit type conversion is type promotion, where the compiler automatically expands the binary representation of objects of integer or floating-point types.
go-html-template relating to using the but has logic relati…
windows-hosting A service of hosting a website over a Microsoft Windows Server.
firebase-queue a fault-tolerant, multi-worker, multi-stage job pipeline built on the Firebase realtime database.
firebase-cli The Firebase CLI provide a variety of tools for managing, viewing, and deploying to Firebase projects
fire-and-forget null
panoramio a geolocation-oriented photo sharing website.
panelgrid null
log4javascript a JavaScript logging framework based on the Java logging framework log4j.
couchrest A RESTful CouchDB client for Ruby based on Heroku's RestClient and Couch.js.
canactivate null
transport-security null
treecellrenderer a Java Swing interface that defines the method required by any object that would like to be a renderer for cells in a JTable.
httpentity null
httpcontent null
rails-4-2-1 For issues specific to the minor release of version 4.2.1 of Rails
test-plan contract between the testers and the project team describing the role of testing in the project.
vcproj an XML based file used by Visual Studio and contains compilation information.
diskarbitration available on OS X, and provides mechanisms for registering for mount/unmount notification and blocking mount/unmount events.
distinct-on for questions relevant to DISTINCT ON, which is used to eliminate rows that match on all specified expressions.
linker-warning null
angular2-guards null
blat a Win32 command line utility that sends eMail using SMTP or post to usenet using NNTP.
rgooglemaps null
full-table-scan null
zune a discontinued line of portable media players.
jst null
xunit2 Related to the version 2 of XUnit : https://github.com/xunit/xunit/releases
xxd a Linux Hexdump command
yahoo-maps a free online mapping portal provided by Yahoo!.
tdm-mingw null
relative-import Relative imports in Python allow you to traverse the packages and modules relative to the script's location.
python-newspaper a Python library which delivers Instapaper style article extraction.
ng-flow an extension for AngularJS based on the Flow.js html5 file upload library.
wack Windows App Certification Kit: Before you submit your app for certification and listing in the Windows Store, use the Windows App Certification Kit to test your app and make sure it's ready to go.
wagtail-streamfield null
vue-chartjs a Vue.js wrapper for Chart.js
appcelerator-hyperloop Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Hyperloop solution to access any API for developing Native Mobile Apps using JavaScript
api-hook the technique of altering the behaviour of operating systems or applications by intercepting function calls in order to run alternative or additional code instead.
latent-semantic-indexing an indexing and retrieval method.
popper.js null
popen3 Open3 grants you access to stdin, stdout, stderr and a thread to wait the child process when running another program.
pim personal information manager
phonertc a Cordova plugin that makes it easy to add WebRTC-based voice and video calls to your Android/iOS app.
probability-distribution null
pscustomobject null
pax-web OSGi HttpService and Web Applications implementation using Jetty.
performance-monitor a Microsoft Windows tool that examines how programs you run affect your computer's performance.
perl-critic an extensible framework for creating and applying coding standards to Perl source code
percentrelativelayout Subclass of RelativeLayout that supports percentage based dimensions and margins
pagefile null
parse-android-sdk The Parse Android SDK allows you to store data, manage users, send push notifications, track analytics, and more in just a few lines of code.
sat-solvers a class of algorithms for solving satisfiability problem of boolean formulas.
selectbooleancheckbox JSF tag to create a single checkbox.
service-fabric-actor null
r6rs The 6th Revised Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme.
riot a fast, expressive, and contextual unit testing framework for Ruby.
rethrow null
remote-actors null
vertex-array-object OpenGL container objects that hold the state needed to describe vertex array data for rendering
webiopi a fully integrated Internet of Things framework for the Raspberry Pi.
wcf-4 a version of Microsoft Windows Communication Foundation released with Microsoft .NET Framework 4.0
woocommerce-theming null
tilde-expansion a feature of the POSIX shell providing shortcut access to users' home directories.
todomvc a project which offers the same Todo application implemented using MV* concepts in most of the popular JavaScript MV* frameworks of today.
unspecified-behavior Unpredictable, but valid, behavior of a program that an implementation is not required to document.
type-2-dimension null
tws Trader Work-Station API from Interactive Brokers
system-requirements To be used efficiently, all computer software needs certain hardware components or other software resources to be present on a computer
synclock the VB.NET keyword for its locking statement.
table-per-class Table per class or also called as is a strategy used for mapping inherited entities supported by Entity Framework code first.
stdhash c++11 library to ease hashing of user-defined types
sparrow-framework an Open Source Game Engine for iOS which allows to create interactive applications for the iOS platform.
stackless Stackless refers to a code implementation that does not use a call stack
sqlbrite A lightweight wrapper around SQLiteOpenHelper which introduces reactive stream semantics to SQL operations
spritefont null
sln-file a file format in Visual Studio designed to store , a structure for organizing and maintaining project information similar to project workspace files in Visual C++ 6.0.
softkeys null
shogun A large scale machine learning toolbox.
shift-register a cascade of flip flops, sharing the same clock, in which the output of each flip-flop is connected to the input of the next flip-flop in the chain, res…
simile A collection of open source data visualization web widgets that grew out of semantic web research at MIT.
sql-server-performance null
sql-server-migration-assi a tool to automate migration from number of various databases to SQL Server platform.
sublime-anaconda The Anaconda plugin for Sublime Text 3 provides many IDE-like features for programming in Python
synthetic null
textmatching null
teraterm a free, open source terminal emulator
txmldocument The wrapper class for process XML documents in Embarcadero Delphi programming environment
user-generated-content null
unmount null
togglz an implementation of the Feature Toggles pattern for Java.
tmuxinator Manage complex tmux sessions easily
twitter-finagle null
wavesurfer.js A visualization tool for audio waveforms
webget null
regexkitlite Lightweight Objective-C Regular Expressions for Mac OS X using the ICU Library
recharts a composable charting library built on React components and D3
requirejs-text null
revitpythonshell an Addin for Autodesk Revit that provides an IronPython console to run scripts within the Revit API
ratchet-bootstrap A UI library for mobile apps in HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
radajaxmanager For issues relating to the RadAjaxManager of Telerik
sequence-generators null
sanity-check null
runlevel a state of the init process defining which system services are operating.
packrat a package for `R` which allows the creation of projects, together with libraries and their required packages.
perfect-hash a hash function that maps distinct elements in S to a set of integers, with no collisions.
particle-filter In statistics, a particle filter, also known as a sequential Monte Carlo method , is a sophisticated model estimation technique based on simulation.
orbited Pre-HTML5 server that implements sockets for web browsers.
oracle-bi Oracle Business Intelligence Foundation Suite, a comprehensive, modern and market-leading BI platform provides the industry's best in class platform for ad hoc query and analysis, dashboards, enterpri…
proj an open-source Cartographic Projections library that converts coordinates to projected map units.
prolog-findall a built-in predicate of ISO Prolog.
plotly-dash a Python framework for building web applications written on top of Flask, Plotly.js, and React.js
plex the back-end media server component of Plex, which is closed source as proprietary software
amazon-kcl Copied from http://docs.aws.amazon.com/kinesis/latest/dev/developing-consumers-with-kcl.html: The Amazon Kinesis Client Library helps you consume and process data from an Amazon Kinesis stream
nhibernate-configuration null
apigee-baas Apigee's Back End As a Service offering which provides persistent storage exposed as REST services
apns-sharp a C# library to interface with Apple's Push Notification Service for iOS devices
nfsclient null
lazy-high-charts a Ruby gem that provides a simple and extremely flexible way to use HighCharts from ruby code
launch-daemon null
common-crawl Open crawl of the web that can be accessed and analyzed by everyone.
l2cap Bluetooth Logical link control and adaptation protocol resides in the data link layer.
technical-indicator Financial markets' analysts use s in Technical Analyses as for graphing visualisations of quantitative models
telerik-scheduler null
yajsw an LGPL licensed Java-centric implementation of the Java Service Wrapper by tanuki
xtradb null
jtapi The Java Telephony API supports telephony call control
yii2-extension We use the term …
fsunit a set of libraries that makes unit-testing with F# more enjoyable
code-climate an automated code review tool.
angular2-injection null
angular2-databinding null
angular2-providers null
reactjs-native an open source framework created by Facebook to enable the development of apps for iOS and Android with React delivering the same performance as purely native apps do.
angular2-universal Universal Angular 2: Universal javascript support for Angular2
wxgrid the grid widget in wxWidgets that can be used for displaying tabular data.
lingo the embedded scripting language used in Adobe Director.
linecache refers to the Python linecache unit, which allows random access to the lines of a text file
qstyle an abstract base class that is responsible for the look and feel of the GUI.
qstylesheet Qt Style Sheets are a powerful mechanism that allows you to customize the appearance of widgets, in addition to what is already possible by subclassing QStyle
qstandarditem The QStandardItem class provides an item for use with the QStandardItemModel class
xarray for questions about `xarray` python package providing N-dimensional variants of the core pandas data structures
invoke-sqlcmd PowerShell cmdlet that runs a script containing statements from the languages and commands supported by the SQL Server sqlcmd utility.
data-oriented-design the practice of designing software by developing transforms for well-formed data where well-formed is guided by the target hardware and the transforms that will operate on it
dataitem null
vendors null
treelistview a part of DevExpress WPF controls library
canjs-model similar to a can.Map, but it includes built-in CRUD functionality.
cap an XML-based data format for exchanging public warnings and emergencies between alerting technologies.
pyxb a pure Python package that generates Python source code for classes that correspond to data structures defined by XMLSchema.
pantheios an open source logging API for C and C++
firebase-performance Firebase Performance Monitoring for Android and iOS.
firebase-security-rules The Firebase security rules combine an expression-based server-side rules language with a flexible client-side authentication system to provide a very flexible security model.
favorite null
attach-to-process null
gps-time null
type-kinds In type theory, classify types.
pdf-extraction null
virtualalloc null
marklogic-7 7th Version of MarkLogic - An Enterprise NoSQL Database
maptiler an application creating map tiles for rapid raster map publishing with Leaflet, OpenLayers, and Google Maps API.
pendrive Storage drives connected by USB devices known otherwise as flash drive, USB stick, USB key and thumb drive
flyspell Flyspell enables on-the-fly spell checking in Emacs by the means of a minor mode .
foaf a machine-readable ontology describing persons, their activities and their relations to other people and objects
angularjs-ng-pattern check values for input: <input
foldleft A common algorithm in functional languages that applies an operation to each member of a sequence, from left to right.
application-data null
pgagent a job scheduler for PostgreSQL
stratus a jQuery powered SoundCloud player.
opencv3.2 only for OpenCV specific version 3.2, for general questions use opencv tag
mix-blend-mode null
arpack a package for solving large scale eigen value problems
xmladapter null
nsscroller null
array.prototype.map null
arrayaccess class implementation that allows the class to behave as an array - this means to provide data through operator.
artwork null
esprima a high performance, standard-compliant JavaScript parser written in JavaScript.
switchyard a component-based development framework focused on building structured, maintainable services and applications using the concepts and best practices of SOA.
openmeetings a free Audio/Video conferencing software that allows you to instantly set up a conference in the Web
objective-sharpie a tool developed and maintained by Xamarin Inc, used to create C# bindings from an Objective-C library, making it consumable in Xamarin.iOS projects.
high-level null
threepenny-gui a Haskell GUI framework that uses the web browser as a display
tvos9.1 null
thejit the JavaScript Information Visualization Toolkit
image-enlarge null
gwttestcase null
sbt-idea A simple-build-tool plugin/processor for creating IntelliJ IDEA project files
deployment-target a build setting that specifies the required software platform version on which the built software will run.
dependency-resolver null
vstest.console.exe null
systemjs-builder null
dbplyr null
javascript-api-for-office referring to the Add-ins for Office Javascript APIs
spring-io Spring IO brings together the core open source Spring APIs into a cohesive and versioned foundational platform for modern applications and is comprised of the Spring IO Foundation and Spring IO Execut…
jquery-fileupload-rails null
uibarbuttonitemstyle The style of an iOS UIBarButtonItem that can be added to a UINavigationBar or a UIToolBar
security-testing The six basic security concepts that need to be covered by security testing are: confidentiality, integrity, authentication, availability, authorization and non-repudiation.
fortify-source a GCC and GLIBC security feature that attempts to detect certain classes of buffer overflows
web-midi The Web MIDI API allows web applications to use MIDI input and output devices on the client system
ruby-2.4 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.4
graphical-programming null
greenhopper an agile development add-on for Atlassian's bug tracking software JIRA.
movieplayer the informal name for class MPMoviePlayerController that manages the playback of a movie from a file or a network stream on iOS framework.
sskeychain An open source wrapper for using the iOS keychain
pjsua2 null
plasma Plasma physics as applied to fusion energy, astrophysics, semiconductor equipment development
ccombobox CComboBox class provides the functionality of a Windows combo box.
timeval null
cldr The Unicode Common Locale Data Repository, a repository of data for localization including calendar and collation.
inout null
inlines null
input-filtering null
geoext GeoExt combines OpenLayers with Ext JS
touchjson a JSON parser and generator library.
touchableopacity React Native wrapper for making views respond properly to touches
soapexception null
aspmenu-control null
source-sets A concept used by the Gradle build system, to divide the source code into parts for which the build process can be configured separately.
source-insight an advanced code editor and browser with built-in analysis for C/C++, C#, and Java programs.
sonarqube5.2 the SonarQube 5.2.x specific tag
globalcompositeoperation null
mdpi MDPI refers to a medium-density screen used on an Android device.
dosgi a worldwide consortium of technology innovators that advances a proven and mature process to create open specifications that enable the modular assembly of softw…
mysql-error-1055 null
mysql-error-2002 Can't connect to local MySQL server through socket
nativewindow null
spgridview is a SharePoint grid view that looks and behaves like a SharePoint Foundation list view.
freeware Freeware means free-to-use without paying money
freshmvvm a super light Mvvm Framework designed specifically for Xamarin.Forms.
flashback an Oracle technology that enables users to view previous states of the database.
doxygen-wizard null
drawertoggle null
dyno lightweight containers for running apps.
erlang-nif Erlang Native Implemented Function
grails-3.3 for version 3.3 only, use grails tag for general question about grails Web application framework
google-plus-domains null
input-parameters null
ini4j a simple Java API for handling configuration files in Windows .ini format
influxdb-python for questions about the InfluxDB-Python client library.
impactjs a JavaScript Game Engine to develop HTML5 Games for desktop and mobile browsers.
implicit-declaration null
html5mode null
html-post null
httppostedfile null
heroku-api The platform API empowers developers to automate, extend and combine Heroku with other services
hive-udf null
myo The Myo armband measures electrical activity in muscles, as well as forearm motion, to wirelessly control computers, phones and other digital technologies using natural gestures
multiple-matches null
nshttpurlresponse null
non-modal null
nservicebus-sagas Out of the box support for long running processes in NServiceBus
millennial-media a platform in digital advertising providing opportunities for both advertisers and developers.
mongovue a GUI based query and management tools used to connect to a MongoDB database.
moonlight a Mono based Linux port of Silverlight
managedobjectcontext A managed object context represents a single object space, or scratch pad, in a Core Data application on iOS
maxreceivedmessagesize null
mayavi.mlab Questions on the Mayavi mlab API, for scripting Mayavi using Python
js-of-ocaml a compiler of OCaml bytecode to JavaScript
jsf-2.3 a model-view-presenter framework typically used to create HTML form based web applications
lpcstr for questions related to the LPCSTR data type.
liferay-dxp to identify the exact version of Liferay that you're using - DXP is the Enterprise supported version of Liferay, first released in 2016.
liferay-hook null
linq2db the fastest LINQ database access library offering a simple, light, fast, and type-safe layer between your POCO objects and your database.
libstreaming an open source video streaming library for Android
kolmogorov-smirnov In statistics, the Kolmogorov–Smirnov test is a nonparametric test of the equality of continuous, one-dimensional probability distributions that can be used to compare a sample w…
cellspacing the amount of space in between the individual table cells.
certenroll Certificate enrollment policy provides the locations of certification authorities and the types of certificates that can be requested.
character-limit null
policy-based-design null
polarssl a light-weight open source cryptographic and SSL/TLS library written in C that is easy to understand, easy to use, easy to integrate and easy to expand.
cncontactviewcontroller null
email-forwarding The operation of re-sending an email message delivered to one email address on to a possibly different email address or addresses
embedded-javascript Embedded JavaScript templates for node
bootstrap-wysiwyg This tiny jQuery Bootstrap plugin turns any DIV into a WYSIWYG rich-content editor, inspired by CLEditor and bootstrap-wysihtml5.
btrace a safe, dynamic tracing tool for Java
bucklescript an OCaml tool to create JavaScript code from OCaml code.
blogger-dynamic-views a new template of Google Blogger systems that support for change the page layout and read the post with AJAX method.
django-annotate null
dll-reference null
django-sphinx a pluggable django app that implements a layer that functions much like the Django ORM does except it works on top of the Sphinx full-text search engine.
dataflow-diagram graphical representations of the flow of information through a system
configobj a python module for configuration file reading, writing and validation, with validation being the primary feature that distinguishes it from the built-in ConfigParser module.
custom-attribute According to `an attribute value is a string` and `attribute values on HTML elements may be any s…
coords null
cppcms an open source, high performance, model-view-controller, C++ web development framework.
cratedb for questions related to CrateDB - an SQL-based database management system.
powergui a graphical user interface and script editor for Microsoft Windows PowerShell.
accent-insensitive Collation which considers the accented and unaccented versions of letters to be identical for sorting purposes.
activity-monitor null
alglib a cross-platform numerical analysis and data processing library.
android-min-sdk represents the Android Minimum SDK used in an android application, and it is regularly defined in the application manifest.
application-blocks null
asciiencoding ASCIIEncoding encodes characters as single 7-bit ASCII characters
arb Do not use for questions about the OpenGL Architecture Review Board or ARB OpenGL extensions
archer Archer refers to the Archer GRC Platform
avcodec a free software/open source LGPL-licensed library of codecs for encoding and decoding video and audio data.
quilljs null
oxm Object/XML Mapping, or O/X mapping for short, is the act of converting an XML document to and from an object
digital-design null
galileo null
rodeo a data science IDE built atop Project Jupyter and the Electron cross-platform desktop app framework
cfsocket the most basic level of network communications
cflags switches that can be passed to the C compiler while compiling software.
partition-problem In computer science, the partition problem is to decide whether a given multiset of integers can be partitioned into two that have the same sum.
message-bus null
itemgroup null
ithit-ajax-file-browser Stands for IT Hit Ajax File Browser
ef-code-first-mapping Relating to using the fluent mapping API of Entity Framework Code first for configuring the SQL that gets generated on running migrations.
microsoft-commerce-server null
metis a set of serial programs for partitioning graphs, partitioning finite element meshes, and producing fill reducing orderings for sparse matrices
sugarbean the base class for all business objects in Sugar CRM
message-pump null
passive-view null
rollovers null
gamma-function Anything related to the mathematical gamma function, also known as generalized factorial function.
cfile null
quickform a PHP5 rewrite of HTML_QuickForm and HTML_QuickForm_Controller packages, hosted in the PEAR repository
android-doze-and-standby null
adornerlayer null
advanced-rest-client The web developers helper program to create and test custom HTTP requests.
abtest A controlled comparison of the effectiveness of variants of a website, email, or other commercial product
powerpacks MS Power Packs adds pre-.NET Visual Basic components back to versions of Visual Basic older than 2005.
.mov the file extension for QuickTime movies.
cyclic-dependency Cyclic Dependency occurs when objects form an infinite recurring dependency graph
configsection Specifies configuration section and namespace declarations.
code-size Code-size can refer to the measurement of code in bytes, in characters, or in line numbers.
ember-i18n Question regarding Internationalization for Ember
exe4j a Java exe maker that helps you integrate your Java applications into the Windows operating environment, whether they are service, GUI or command line applications.
data-scrubbing The process of detecting and correcting corrupt or inaccurate records from a data set
django-commands django-commands refers to Django's django-admin.py and manage.py management commands used for common administrative tasks.
devicemotion null
boofcv an open source Java library for real-time computer vision and robotics applications.
behind null
brushes null
bssid Basic Service Set Identification - MAC address of an Wireless Access Point.
charms-bar the menu on the right side of the screen in Windows 8
certutil Windows command for managing Certificate Services.
learn-ruby-the-hard-way a free online book on the Ruby language for beginner programmers
lightroom Adobe Photoshop Lightroom provides a comprehensive set of digital photography tools, from powerfully simple one-click adjustments to cutting-edge advanced controls
lottie Questions regarding Airbnb's Lottie
long-filenames null
jquery-migrate detect and restore APIs, features or functionality that have been deprecated in jQuery and removed as of version 1.9.
jquery-ias a jQuery plugin to turn your paginated pages into infinite scrolling pages with ease.
jaspic an SPI for creating portable server authentication modules
maximization null
maven-wagon-plugin a plugin for Apache Maven 2 for deploying files, supporting SCP, FTP, file copy and a variety of other mechanisms
managed-vm The managed VM hosting environment lets you run App Engine applications on configurable Compute Engine Virtual Machines
mantissa an application server built on Twisted and Axiom.
method-group null
mobile-country-code ISO-3166 standard defining 2 and 3 character identifiers for each country in the world.
nodebb Forum software built on Node.js, Redis, and Socket.IO
nlua the bind between Lua world and the .NET world.
nsvisualeffectview NSView subclass which provides support for vibrant appearances.
nvprof a command-line profiler that enables you to collect and view CPU and GPU timers and events in CUDA programs.
nx a remote access, hosted virtual desktop application.
mvcgrid Telerik's HTML5 grid offering.
nelmio-api-doc The NelmioApiDocBundle bundle allows you to generate a decent documentation for your APIs.
httpruntime null
infobright Column-oriented database based off MySQL which leverages an in-memory knowledge-grid
insert-id null
interactive-shell null
imagespan null
iis-manager The management tool to manage IIS
ikimageview null
guided-access a new feature in iOS 6 that helps users with hearing, learning, vision, and mobility disabilities use iOS devices
google-chrome-console part of it's developer tools and debugger
gmpy C-coded Python extension modules that support fast multiple-precision arithmetic
gnu-findutils GNU's basic directory searching utilities
getid3 an open source PHP library that extracts useful information from MP3s and other multimedia file formats
git-detached-head null
ezaudio An iOS and OSX audio visualization framework built upon Core Audio useful for anyone doing real-time, low-latency audio processing and visualizations.
drive-letter null
dtd-parsing null
function-signature null
g++4.9 null
spinning null
navigation-timing-api The Navigation Timing API provides data that can be used to measure the performance of a website
siege an http/https regression testing and benchmarking utility.
dotpeek a .NET decompiler from JetBrains, the makers of a wide array of developer productivity tools: ReSharper, dotTrace, and dotCover for .NET developers
bing-search null
biicode a smart file-based dependency manager for C and C++.
dvd-burning null
a2lix-translation null
lsb The Linux Standard Base was created to lower the overall costs of supporting the Linux platform
luabridge a lightweight, dependency-free library for mapping data, functions, and classes between C++ and Lua.
coerce null
external-script null
generic-function null
tooling null
toolstripitem null
top-down Top-down games, also sometimes referred to as bird's-eye view, Overworld, Godview, overhead view or helicopter view, when used refers to a camera angle that shows the player and the area around them f…
tivoli-identity-manager Tivol Identity Manager, now called Security Identity Manager, is an identity management solution that provides password management, user provisioning, and auditing capabilities across the enterprise.
android-lazyadapter null
android-lazyloading null
mobility a pluggable translation framework for Ruby.
okio a library that complements java.io and java.nio to make it easier to access, store, and process data.
non-alphanumeric null
ssis-2016 Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
ssao a rendering technique for efficiently approximating the computer graphics ambient occlusion effect in real time.
grass GRASS GIS, commonly referred to as GRASS , is a free and open source Geographic Information System software suite used for geospatial data managemen…
flask-script null
nuitka a Python compiler compatible with Python 2.6, 2.7, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, and 3.5.
multi-table-inheritance null
google-ima The Google Interactive Media Ads SDK enables publishers to display linear, non-linear, and companion ads in interactive media content such as videos and games.
googleio an annual two-day developer conference held by Google in San Francisco, California
jquery-attributes Attributes provide additional information about HTML elements
jquery-1.8 For issues relating to using jQuery, version 1.8
google-domains null
java-collections-api null
unittest++ a lightweight unit testing library for C++.
dbproviderfactories null
cuda-streams the hardware-supported queues on CUDA GPUs through which work is scheduled
depends null
scala-pickling an automatic serialization framework made for Scala.
anonymize null
anjuta An IDE written for the GNOME project
ghostdoc a Visual Studio extension that automatically generates XML documentation comments for methods and properties based on their type, parameters, name, and other contextual information.
image-rendering Anything related to image rendering, i.e
jboss-cli jBoss/WildFly command line interface
modx-templates Questions about creating, managing and using templates and their variables in the ModX CMP
sxs null
xmgrace a 2D plotting tool which allows you to interactively modify plots, to set all kind of plot parameters, change the appearance of your figure, and to save the figure …
openair The openair project aims to provide a collection of open-source tools for the analysis of air pollution data.
openbugs a computer software for the Bayesian analysis of complex statistical models using Markov chain Monte Carlo methods.
boost-proto a framework for building Domain Specific Embedded Languages in C++
boost-foreach a C++ library containing a macro for easily iterating over the elements of a sequence.
boost-gil The Boost Generic Image Library is a C++ library that abstracts image representations from algorithms and allows writing code that can work on a variety of images with performance similar …
tabris a cross-platform mobile framework for Java.
r-zelig an easy-to-use, free, open source, general purpose statistics program for estimating, interpreting, and presenting results from any statistical method
tapjoy an app market where promotions of both Android or IOS apps are displayed.
react-dropzone null
or-tools Google's Operations Research tools.
matroska for questions about playback of, creation of, and programmatic interaction with Matroska files.
angularjs-interpolate Compiles a string with markup into an interpolation function
fma Fused Multiply Add or Multiply-Accumulate
jitterbit a suite of data integration products with two main components: Jitterbit Integration Environment and Jitterbit Integration Server
typescript2.1 null
godot a 2D and 3D open source game engine developed by Godot Engine community
gomobile an experimental toolset for using Go on iOS and Android
attention-model Questions regarding attention model mechanism in deep learning
attachevent null
attr-encrypted null
instant-run Android Studio sets up new projects to deploy to the Emulator or a physical device with just a few clicks
finite-field In algebra, a finite field or Galois field is a field that contains a finite number of elements.
logo-lang a computer programming language, created mainly for the purposes of education
iphone-vibrate Refers to the vibration of the iPhone.
firmata a protocol for communicating with micro-controllers from a host computer
firewalld Questions regarding firewalld a firewall service daemon
parallel-collections null
parallelism-amdahl Amdahl's law, also known as Amdahl's argument, is used to find the maximum expected improvement to an overall system when only part of the system is improved
capped-collections A fixed size collection of elements sorted by insertion order
capicom a discontinued ActiveX control created by Microsoft to help expose a select set of Microsoft Cryptographic Application Programming Interface functions through Microsoft Componen…
canopen a communication protocol and device profile specification for embedded systems used in automation.
cap-theorem Consistency Availability Partitioning theorem by Eric Brewer
pugxmultiuserbundle The PUGXMultiUserBundle support for a database-backed user system in Symfony2
testem a test runner for Javascript unit testing.
venmo an online service for sending payments to any friend/contact
msn-messenger null
muc An XMPP protocol extension for multi-user text chat, whereby multiple XMPP users can exchange messages in the context of a room or channel, similar to Internet Relay Chat .
invalidargumentexception null
xamarin-zebble Zebble for Xamarin - Visual Studio project template for creating cross platform mobile applications with joy and much faster
limejs a HTML5 game framework for building fast, native-experience games for all modern touchscreens and desktop browsers.
wxperl the module/library used to access the WxWidgets portable GUI classes.
processing-instruction an element in a markup language that has unique delimiters which trigger the inclusion of a file or the execution of a script.
ios-homekit null
codeceptjs a modern end to end testing framework with a special BDD-style syntax
rhino3d A stand-alone, commercial NURBS-based 3-D modeling software with an extensive VBScript, .NET and C++ API
netscaler an all-in-one web application delivery controller
netbeans-8.2 null
nested-set-model a method for saving hierarchical data in a relational database
jtemplates a template plugin written for the jQuery.
xctestexpectation a built-in support for asynchronous testing.
workflow-foundation-4.5 null
language-extension used for documented features of a compiler or interpreter implementation that are not described by the language standard, as well as for the implementation of such features, and for the pr…
entity-framework-mapping Mappings used between tables and classes in Entity Framework
database-diagram null
database-engine null
ldapjs a pure JavaScript, from-scratch framework for implementing LDAP clients and servers in Node.js
ldflags a variable used in Makefiles
nifti A data format used in biomedical imaging, proposed by the Neuroimaging Informatics Technology Initiative.
angular-service-worker Questions related to the @angular/service-worker module, for automatically generating a service worker to power your Angular web apps.
nimrod the deprecated name for Nim, a statically typed, imperative programming language that combines pascal semantics with a python-like syntax and extensive support for meta-programming.
angular-xeditable a bundle of AngularJS directives that allows you to create editable elements.
photoimage null
prolog-assert Prolog-assert globally affects stored information in Prolog, a general purpose logic programming language.
ptr-vector null
optimus a new technology introduced to cover a machine which uses both integrated graphics and a graphics card
openwebrtc With OpenWebRTC you can build native WebRTC apps that communicate with browsers that supports the WebRTC standard
open-generics null
partcover an open source code coverage tool for .NET
runit Either RUnit or runit .
rule-of-three The rule of three is a rule of thumb in C++ that claims that if a class defines one of the following it should probably explicitly define all …
rkt a container manager for Linux clusters
rmstore A lightweight iOS library for In-App Purchases.
rmq Given an array A.
server-rendering null
scrolledwindow null
raddatepicker null
queryinterface null
reversi null
reverse-iterator Related specifically to iterators that traverses a container in reverse order
recess an open source RESTful PHP framework designed to give you a fun & delightful development experience.
win-phone-silverlight-8.1 null
windows-users Agents, either human or software, which use a Windows computer or network service.
windows-screensaver a computer program that blanks the screen or fills it with moving images or patterns when the computer is not in use.
video-watermarking null
videodisplay null
validationrule null
usermode null
vivado-hls null
vision-api null
two-column-layout null
trygetvalue here means that it is a failsafe method, i.e
trove4j The Trove library provides high speed regular and primitive collections for Java.
tpagecontrol a Delphi VCL control displaying a set of pages used to make a multiple page dialog box
uimenuitem An instance of the UIMenuItem class represents a custom item in the editing menu managed by the UIMenuController object
synedit an advanced multi-line edit control, for Borland Delphi and Kylix
spark-thriftserver null
southeast-asian-languages Languages of Southeast Asia present a set of unique problems
simgrid null
sharp null
socketasynceventargs The SocketAsyncEventArgs class of the .Net framework is part of a set of enhancements to the System.Net.Sockets.Socket class that provide an alternative asynchronous pattern that can be used by specia…
sitemappath null
shinyapps.io Questions regarding shinyapps.io by RStudio
signatures null
spring-data-graph Spring Data Graph enables POJO based development for Graph Databases like Neo4j
spring-data-hadoop an open-source project that provides unified configuration model and easy to use APIs for using HDFS, MapReduce, Pig, and Hive as well as developing and deploying YARN appl…
tdatetime null
textflow null
submitting null
state-diagram null
starter-kits null
twrequest null
txtextcontrol null
uc-browser a mobile browser developed by Chinese mobile Internet company UCWeb
unreachable-statement when your compiler is giving you warning / error message for your code in question and you don't understand the reason.
uname A command on Unix and Unix-like operating systems that prints out information about the machine and OS.
unexpectendoffile null
time-measurement null
trustmanager null
tweenjs A tweening / animation library for Javascript that's part of the CreateJS suite
transcrypt reserved for any questions involving the Transcrypt Python to JavaScript compiler.
transactional-memory In computer science, transactional memory is a concurrency control mechanism analogous to database transactions for controlling access to shared memory in concurrent computing
visnetwork an R package for network visualization that uses vis.js JavaScript library
walkthrough null
value-class null
vavr Questions about the Vavr functional programming library .
window-chrome null
winamp a media player for both Windows PCs and Android devices
winginx a local web-server specially for nginx users, it also serves PHP5, MySQL, MongoDB, NodeJS developers.
websocket4net null
watcom An Open Source C/C++ and ForTran development environment for multiple 16- and 32-bit x86 targets.
rebar3 Erlang build tool that makes it easy to compile and test Erlang applications and releases
refcounting null
redux-persist null
rexcel an addin for Microsoft Excel that allows access to the statistics package R from within Excel.
resolveurl null
qtxml Qt's module providing C++ implementations of SAX and DOM.
qr-decomposition null
qproperty used for declaring properties in classes that inherit QObject
racsignal null
rapi an official library that enables applications running on a Windows-based desktop to perform actions on a remote Windows Mobile device.
scrolledcomposite null
schemagen null
self-executing-function An immediately-invoked function expression is a JavaScript design pattern which produces a lexical scope using a JavaScript closure
self-destruction a procedure or algorithm that is programmed to destroy the caller object, or the invoker file or pointer.
setparent a window-handling function of the Microsoft Windows API
sgx a set of CPU instruction extensions that allows application developers to create applications that retain the confidentiality and integrity of select data and code using secure Enclaves.
samsung-knox Samsung KNOX Workspace provides robust, hardware and software integrated security for Samsung mobile devices
partial-trust a .NET security model in which application code executes with reduced permissions as a measure of protecting the local system from malicious use.
patternlab.io Pattern Lab is, at its core, a static site generator
oniguruma a BSD licensed regular expression library which allows encoding to be specified for each regular expression object
oclint a static code analysis tool for improving the quality of C, C++ and primarily Objective-C
ocs a communication protocol for computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices.
openvas a framework of several services and tools offering a comprehensive and powerful vulnerability scanning and vulnerability management solution.
orange-pi an open-source single-board computer, it can run Android, Ubuntu, Raspberry Pi Image
perl-hash refers to the hash variable type in Perl
pimple a small Dependency Injection Container for PHP 5.3 that consists of just one file and one class .
pia null
php-builtin-server Built-in web server provided by the CLI SAPI since PHP/5.4.0
ninjaframework a full stack web framework for Java
authorized-keys null
amazon-payments is for questions concerning the Amazon Pay APIs.
azure-template null
angular-chosen AngularJS Chosen directive brings the Chosen jQuery plugin into AngularJS with ngModel and ngOptions integration.
wai The Web Accessibility Initiative develops guidelines widely regarded as the international standard for Web accessibility, as well as support materials to help understand and implement Web access…
ldap3 null
relational-model For questions regarding the use of the relational model for databases.
databasedotcom-gem null
static-binding a method of dispatching methods in a object oriented programming languages: it basically means that the implementation of a method for a specific object is chosen at compile time and…
entity-bean null
backlight a form of illumination used in liquid crystal displays used in mobile, calculators and TV sscreens.
kyotocabinet a key-value based database, based on the DBM standard, similar the modern database system Tokyo Cabinet.
krypton-toolkit a free .Net library of user interface controls and components.
www-authenticate null
ws-reliablemessaging null
year2038 The or 00:00:00 January 1, 1970
xmltodict Python module that makes working with XML feel like you are working with JSON.
xml-editor null
haskell-warp A Haskell high-performance HTTP server that implements the WAI protocol
zend-log For issues relating to the Zend/Log logging component of the Zend framework.
zebble Zebble - A framework for developing natives for iOS, Android, and Windows from a single source code base
richeditbox RichEditBox control
frozen null
comonad a way to structure computations in terms of values and sequences of computations using those values
xattribute is for questions about the C# XAttribute class.
qstackedwidget The QStackedWidget class provides a stack of widgets where only one widget is visible at a time
distance-matrix a matrix containing the pairwise distances between the elements of a set
intl-tel-input For issues relating to the International Telephone Input jQuery plugin.
invokemember null
invision-power-board Invision Power Board is Internet forum software produced by Invision Power Services, Inc
vdi Virtual Desktop Infrastructure
vega-lite a high-level grammar of interactive graphics
test-reporting null
railtie the core of the Rails framework and provides several hooks to extend Rails and/or modify the initialization process.
rainbowtable a precomputed table for reversing cryptographic hash functions, usually for cracking password hashes.
publishing-site null
tree-shaking a modern dead code elimination algorithm for ECMAScript 2015.
core-services The Core Services layer contains fundamental system services for apps on OS X and iOS.
panes null
interactive-mode null
intellij-lombok-plugin A plugin for using Lombok with IntelliJ IDEA.
attunity a provider of information availability software solutions that enable access, sharing and distribution of data across heterogeneous enterprise platforms, organizations, and the cloud.
windows-phone-emulator The Windows Phone Emulator presents the Windows Phone Interface on an Windows PC.
google-advertising-id a unique identifier that allows mobile applications running on the Android operating system to gather data about specific customers in order to improve both personalizati…
map-force a graphical data mapping tool
pdl PDL gives standard Perl the ability to compactly store and speedily manipulate the large N-dimensional data arrays which are the bread and butter of scientific computing.
marie Really Intuitive and Easy) allows you to learn the essential concepts of computer organization and architecture, including assembly language, without getting caught…
marker-interfaces called marker interface
redis-cache an open source , in-memory data structure store, use this tag for specific cache usage
fody-costura Fody add-in for embedding references as resources
angularjs-ng-checked Sets the checked attribute on the element, if the expression inside ngChecked is truthy.
angular-i18n part of the Angular framework, which provides i18n features like localization , text translations, pluralization and alternative text
mautic an open marketing software platform offering a great level of integration
order-of-execution null
choregraphe null
choroplethr An R package to provide a framework to create choropleth maps in R.
boost-msm a C++ library allowing you to easily and quickly define state machines of very high performance.
check-mk an extension to the Nagios monitoring system that allows creating rule-based configuration using Python and offloading work from the Nagios core to make it scale better, allowing more syst…
xilinx-edk an integrated development environment for designing embedded processing systems
nspopupbuttoncell The NSPopUpButtonCell class defines the visual appearance of pop-up buttons that display pop-up or pull-down menus.
etiquette null
asadmin a tool for administrative tasks for the Oracle GlassFish Server, which is commonly used in the command line.
zentest is a Ruby Unit testing utility.
erpnext ERPNext helps you to manage all your business information in one application and use it to manage operations and take decisions based on data.
singleton-type a singly-inhabited type, specially in the context of dependently typed programming in languages such as Haskell and Scala
hibernate-filters null
open-nfc a software stack implementing NFC functionalities on top of an NFC controller chipset
mongodb-c the officially supported driver for MongoDB
jboss-modules null
image-enhancement null
gganimate a package for R that allows to produce animated graphics with ggplot2
ansistring an array of 8 bit characters from the ANSI character set, a superset of the 7 bit ASCII character set, terminated by a binary zero
file-in-use Questions related about problems modifying files due a second programm with a read- or write-lock.
dependency-parsing null
automated-deployment null
datetime64 NumPy array datatype with native support for datetime functionality
unityads a games-only video ad network for iOS and Android that can be used to monetize an existing player base and gain new players through ad campaigns.
multiple-sites null
ie-automation null
identitymanager null
griddle a simple grid component for use with React
webpack-encore An API for processing & compiling assets built around Webpack.
constantcontact A self-service email marketing web site
apache-spark-1.5 Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.5
mup short for **meteor up**, mup bundles and packages your Meteor app into a tarball for deployment
prefix-tree In computer science, a trie, also called digital tree and sometimes radix tree or prefix tree , is an ordered tree data structure that is used to store a dynamic s…
human-computer-interface null
external-tools a mechanism within Intellij-IDEA to provide a shareable process.
cc-mode an Emacs and XEmacs mode for editing C and other languages with similar syntax; currently C++, Objective-C, Java, CORBA's IDL, Pike and AWK
catboost an open-source gradient boosting on decision trees library with categorical features support out of the box for Python, R
gtmetrix null
timsort a sorting algorithm invented by Tim Peters, designed to take advantage of partial ordering in data
inproc inproc:// constitutes an extremely low-latency overhead transport class for inter-thread process communications
php-phantomjs PHP Library to load pages through PhantomJS
computational-finance for questions related to Computational Finance, a branch of applied computer science that deals with problems of practical interest in finance.
gitversion GitVersion uses your Git history to infer your semantic version using a set of built in conventions
global-namespace null
libcloud a standard Python library that abstracts away differences from multiple cloud provider APIs.
continuum an enterprise-ready continuous integration server with features such as automated builds, release management, role-based security, and integration with popular build tools and sour…
binlog null
bilinear-interpolation null
bindingnavigator Represents the navigation and manipulation user interface for controls on a form that are bound to data.
double-hashing a collision resolution strategy used in open addressing hash tables
showwindow Winapi function that manipulates Windows window display options
fxcopcmd Command-line version of Microsoft's FxCop, a free static analysis tool for analyzing .NET managed code assemblies.
freeipa an integrated Identity and Authentication solution for Linux/UNIX networked environments
formatted-input Anything related to the reading of input that shall be compliant with a predefined format
flashlite a lightweight version of Adobe Flash Player intended for mobile phones.
fido-u2f FIDO Universal 2nd Factor —a rapidly growing open authentication standard, allows greater user account login security
ed a line-oriented text editor for Unix.
elementor null
ezsql an open-source PHP database class that features a simplified and concise syntax for calling MySQL, Oracle 8/9, InterBase/FireBird, PostgreSQL, SQL Server, and SQLite / SQLite C++ functions wi…
eventtocommand null
getproperties null
google-profiles-api The Profiles Data API allows client applications to retrieve and update profile information for users in a Google Apps domain.
google-reseller-api null
google-perftools Google performance tool for CPU and Heap profiling
il2cpp For issues relating to the IL2CPP Unity scripting back-end.
html-help-workshop a help authoring tool.
html-object The object element in HTML
html-frames null
hololens-emulator HoloLens emulator allows you to test holographic apps on your PC without a physical HoloLens and comes with the HoloLens development toolset
hilbert-curve a space-filling curve that preserves locality better than most mappings from one to many dimensions
name-value null
new-style-class null
mvccontrib-testhelper null
ntvs Node.js Tools for Visual Studio
nszombieenabled an Apple OS-specific boolean reference to whether the zombie process has been enabled
node.js-nan Native Abstractions for Node.js: A header file filled with macro and utility goodness for making native add-on module development easier across all major releases of Node.js
nose2 the next generation of nicer testing for Python.
mobclix null
minibuffer a part of Emacs used to read in complex commands or arguments.
ms-app-analytics In relation to the analytics feature of Application Insights
methodnotfound null
meteor-methods null
mbcs an abbreviation for i.e
jaro-winkler An algorithm for measuring the similarity of two strings, often used for duplicate detection.
jenkins-docker null
jedi-code-library a set of utility functions and non-visual classes for re-use in Delphi and C++ Builder projects.
isqlquery null
isdigit null
irs Questions about or pertaining to the IRS ACA Submission Process
intermec a manufacturer and supplier of automated identification and data capture equipment.
jquery-get null
jquery-globalization a library for the globalization of strings, dates, and numbers/currencies formatting and parsing for different cultures in JavaScript
jquery-mobile-navbar null
lidgren an open source networking library for .NET Framework with a simple API used mainly in client/server games.
linux-toolchain a set of binaries, system libraries and tools which allow you to build u-boot and the kernel for a target platform.
lapacke a C interface to LAPACK, a FORTRAN software library for linear algebra
jxpath JXPath applies XPath expressions to graphs of objects of all kinds: JavaBeans, Maps, Servlet contexts, DOM etc, including mixtures thereof.
character-replacement null
circlize a free, open-source, R language implementation of the circos software for visualizing data in a circular format.
ci-merchant a driver-based payment processing library built specifically for use in CodeIgniter web applications.
c-libraries null
embedded-browser A browser which can be embedded into your application.
wgl null
white-box a method of testing software that tests internal structures or workings of an application as opposed to its functionality i.e
cache-invalidation Use cache-invalidation for questions related to purging content from a cache based on a state change in the cached object or a canonical object that it shadows
poller null
c18 MPLAB C Compiler for PIC18 MCUs also known as MPLAB C18 is an ANSI '89 compatible C compiler for Microchip's PIC18 series of microcontroller units.
browscap a browser capabilities database that provides detailed information about a browser from its user agent.
browser-action a way to extend Google Chrome browser by placing an icon alongside the address bar with popup, click and context menu handling functionality
bottombar null
divshot A browser-based visual builder for web applications.
debugview a tool from Sysinternals to capture debug messages
detailtextlabel Returns the secondary label of the table cell if one exists.
cursive a plug-in for IntelliJ for writing Clojure and ClojureScript code.
analytical null
almond A replacement AMD loader for RequireJS
arduino-ultra-sonic null
apache-commons-pool a general purpose, object pooling framework for the Java programming language.
apache-httpasyncclient HttpAsyncClient component of the Apache HttpComponents project.
custom-receiver null
uwamp a Wamp Server with Apache MySQL PHP and SQLite
game-maker-language General Game Maker Language support
gb2312 null
gcc6 Related to version 6 of GCC.
rocketmq a low latency, reliable, scalable, easy to use message oriented middleware born from alibaba massive messaging business.
ora-00979 ORA-00979: not a GROUP BY expression
ora-00911 Oracle database error code ORA-00911: invalid character
sunone Sun ONE stands for Sun Open Net Environment
kendo-menu The Menu UI widget of Kendo UI.
microsoft-dynamics-nav Microsoft Dynamics NAV is an ERP system that's part of Microsoft Dynamics
itunesartwork null
katharsis HATEOAS for Java based on JSON API standard
karnaugh-map The Karnaugh map provides a simple and straight-forward method of minimising boolean expressions
j2v8 a set of Java bindings for V8
itanium a family of 64-bit Intel microprocessors based on explicit instruction-level parallelism, in which the compiler decides which instructions to execute in parallel
ef-power-tools For issues relating to the EF Power Tools.
ehcache-3 Questions specific to Ehcache version 3 ,for general question about Ehcache use Ehcache tag
metadata-extractor A Java/.NET library for extracting Exif, IPTC, XMP, ICC and other metadata from image and movie files.
password-policy null
gamecontroller null
v4l a video capture infrastructure provided by the linux kernel
diaspora free personal web server social network platform
qwebelement The QWebElement class, part of the Qt framework, provides convenient access to DOM elements in a QWebFrame.
cwac-camera Taking pictures or videos using a third-party app is fairly straightforward, using ACTION_IMAGE_CAPTURE or ACTION_VIDEO_CAPTURE
amazon-cloudwatch-metrics null
airpush the 2nd largest ad network for Android developers with a global network of over 40,000 apps and 2,000 advertisers.
appledoc command line tool that helps Objective-C developers generate Apple-like source code documentation from specially formatted source code comments.
app-globalresources null
android-overlay Base class representing an overlay which may be displayed on top of a map.
angular-loopback null
asus-xtion a professional color PC motion sensing software development solution with plug-n-play USB design.
astral-plane Unicode characters beyond the 16-bit Basic Multilingual plane
akka-remoting a library for building concurrent scalable applications using the Actor Model
128bit Referring to computer architecture with addresses and other data units 128 bits wide.
elasticsearch-curator Tool for curating and managing Elasticsearch time-series indices
excelpackage open-source software that provides server-side generation of Microsoft Excel 2007 spreadsheets.
com.sun.net.httpserver A Java class that provides a simple HTTP server framework.
compiz null
deadbolt a powerful, comprehensive authorization module for the Play framework.
deadbolt-2 an authorization system for the Play framework, with both Scala and Java APIs.
datagridcolumnheader Represents a header of DataGridColumn
dacl one of the most popular
django-custom-tags django-custom-tags refers to extending django template engine by defining custom template tags
downloading-website-files null
domaindatasource null
basic-msi the Windows Installer-based project type in InstallShield
big5 a Chinese-character encoding method
bgr a way of encoding a color, parallel to RGB
biztalk-2016 is the 10th version of BizTalk
bit-depth null
polyml The Poly/ML implementation of Standard ML
embedded-code For questions on code embedded in web pages
clicking null
cidetector A CIDetector object uses image processing to search for and identify notable features in a still image or video
languageservice useful extensions that can bring a vast array of functionality for a new language into the Visual Studio IDE.
liquibase-hibernate Liquibase plugin for Hibernate that lets this be configured as a comparison database for Liquibase commands.
libzip a widely used open source library for creating, writing and processing zip files
location-based-service null
loki a C++ library of designs, containing flexible implementations of common design patterns and idioms.
jose4j an open source implementation of JWT and the JOSE specification suite
jenkins-job-builder Jenkins Job Builder takes simple descriptions of Jenkins jobs in YAML or JSON format and uses them to configure Jenkins
jquery-multidatespicker a plugin that enables jQuery UI calendar to manage multiple dates
jupyter-console a terminal front-end for kernels using the Jupyter protocol
jupyter-lab null
jsonlint a JSON linting and formatting tool.
ios-3.x For issues relating to using iOS, version 3.x.
ion-slides a component of the ionic framework, much like a simple slideshow.
jdwp the protocol used for communication between a debugger and the Java virtual machine .
javascript-globalize JavaScript globalization and localization
materialized null
meta-predicate a predicate that contains an argument defined over predicates or related to some module
mpiexec the command used to start applications
modeline a useful summary information about the buffer shown in the window, including its name and current modes
nsxmldocument An instance of NSXMLDocument represents an XML document as internalized into a logical tree structure
nsuseractivity An NSUserActivity object provides a lightweight way to capture app state so that it can be restored later
oas Oracle Application Server
mvp4g an extended / enhanced version of MVP which removes the boilerplated code by using annotations to bind the Model-View-Presenter along with EventBus.
mutating-table Mutating table errors generally happen when a trigger tries to reference/modify the same table on which trigger is firing on.
hla HLA stands for High Level Assembly language
html5-notifications This W3C specification defines an API to let a web page send a notification to the user on the desktop.
image-viewer an application which displays image files.
icarus an implementation of the Verilog HDL or hardware description language.
ice-cube a ruby library for easily handling repeated events
install-referrer The Google Play `com.android.vending.INSTALL_REFERRER` Intent is broadcast when an Android app is installed from the Google Play Store.
installscript-msi null
informatica-powerexchange Informatica PowerExchange gives Informatica PowerCenter capability to extract and read data from mainframe by enabling it to parse formats like VSAM, IMS, IDMS, ADABAS etc
google-ranking null
google-refine a free, open source, data cleaning tool.
gridviewrow null
graphedit A visual tool for interactive building and testing filter graphs for DirectShow API in Microsoft Windows.
graphdiff GraphDiff provides DbContext extension methods for Entity Framework Code First, that allow you to save an entire detached Model/Entity, with child Entities and Lists, to the database without writing t…
graphenedb null
groupchat null
gwt-2.4 For issues relating to the GWT version 2.4.
geshi a free software library that allows syntax highlighting of source code for several markup and programming languages.
gmail-pop Gmail provide a pop service where users can get access to their email
event-wait-handle null
emacs-prelude an easy to use Emacs distribution with many additional packages and its own core library
elixir-poison a JSON library for Elixir focusing on speed without sacrificing simplicity, completeness, or correctness
elasticsearch-percolate null
dumpdata a command you could use to output to standard output all data in the database associated with the named application in a Django powered website.
figaro-ruby a Rails app configuration library.
filtered-index null
facebooker2 a Facebook Connect library version 2 for ruby that provides rails helpers for interfacing with Facebook's Open-graph JavaScript API.
facebook-authorization null
famous-angular AngularJs bindings for Famo.us
feedly a magazine style RSS reader that uses your existing Google Reader account.
gchart null
sigfpe the signal sent to a process when it encounters an arithmetic error, such as division by zero.
split-screen the visible division of the screen, traditionally in half, but also in several simultaneous images.
splfileobject a PHP class which offers an object oriented interface for a file.
navigatetourl null
nativescript-plugin null
glscene an OpenGL based 3D library for Delphi
glblendfunc The glBlendFunc function specifies pixel arithmetic for OpenGL rendering
composite-index Composite index: An index that contains more than one column.
com-server null
lua-userdata A Lua type that allows arbitrary C data to be stored in Lua variables
dynamic-assemblies a .NET assembly that is created dynamically at runtime and hosts generated classes and methods
ckeditor5 null
express-validator An express.js middleware library for validation and sanitization.
smtpd null
asp.net-webhooks a framework for sending and receiving WebHooks between Web Applications and services
tinydb TinyDB is a query processing system for extracting information from a network of TinyOS sensors.
cbuttoncolumn null
ccnode the main element of a framework
ccparticlesystem null
ccspritebatchnode null
presentation-model null
xproc An XML language to define XML transformation pipelines.
ecl an open source Common Lisp implementation aimed at producing a small-footprint Lisp system that can be integrated with C-based applications.
apcu APCu provides a user variable cache to PHP.
apic responsible for delivering interrupts from interrupt sources to interrupt destinations throughout the multiprocessor system.
webpack-html-loader null
web-mediarecorder The web API for recording audio and video streams.
webkitspeechrecognition speech recognition support in the web browser engine WebKit
brew an application framework for mobile phones created by Qualcomm in 2001
greenhills a company which makes tools and operating systems for embedded platforms.
flask-appbuilder Simple and rapid application development framework, built on top of Flask
rtems Real-Time Executive for Multiprocessor Systems
mailcatcher MailCatcher runs a super simple SMTP server which catches any message sent to it to display in a web interface.
ie-mobile null
jquery-after A method of jQuery that insert content, specified by the parameter, after each element in the set of matched elements.
automap an automatic interpolation R package for spatial point data
autorest The AutoRest tool generates client libraries for accessing RESTful web services
face-id Apple's face recognition technology used in the iPhone X.
vsta Visual Studio Tools for Applications is a set of tools that independent software vendors can use to build customization abilities into their applications for both automation and extensib…
docker-engine Docker Engine runs on Linux to create the operating environment for your distributed applications.
dnsimple null
lmax a retail financial trading platform.
loadcontrol null
webcam.js HTML5 Webcam Image Capture Library with Flash Fallback
thread-exceptions null
objective-c-protocol Protocols declare methods that can be implemented by any class
uitraitcollection UITraitCollection - allow to access the iOS interface environment by traits such as horizontal and vertical size class, display scale, and user interface idiom
high-contrast null
nstextcontainer an iOS class that defines a region in which text stored in an NSTextStorage object is displayed using an NSLayoutManager object.
pyshark Python wrapper allowing packet parsing using wireshark dissectors
xla the file extension for pre-Excel 2007 addins written using VBA
arithmeticexception an Exception that indicates an error generated when performing a calculation.
drupal-ajax Drupal AJAX refers to the AJAX implementation used from Drupal.
storing-information null
rdcomclient This package provides dynamic access to COM objects from within R
pyral Python toolkit for Rally REST API
jquery-ui-menu The Menu widget that forms part of the jQuery.UI library
application-icon null
google-web-component A collection of web components for Google APIs & services
gora an open source framework that provides an in-memory data model and persistence for big data.
matrix-transform null
viper an architectural application design pattern, which stands for View, Interactor, Presenter, Entity, and Router
viper-architecture an application of Clean Architecture to iOS apps.
vimeo-android For issues relating to Vimeo on Android.
viml the scripting language used to program the Vim editor.
mappedbytebuffer a memory-mapped region of a file.
gpuimagestillcamera null
usagestatsmanager UsageStatsManager provides access to Android device usage history and statistics
typescript-generics null
typemock-isolator a unit testing and Test Driven Development tool for .NET and C++.
html.listboxfor null
hostmonster a web hosting solution provided by Endurance International Group
hostheaders null
ngx-charts a charting framework for Angular2+
ng-html2js a preprocessor for converting HTML files to AngularJS templates
ng-idle an angularjs module to timed out the application when the screen is idle.
set-based null
ipmi IPMI means
fink package manager for OSx.
fiona Tool to automatically analyze the interactional behavior of a given oWFN
login-attempts null
pyvisa PyVisa or rchitecture is a python library, developed in order to control various measurement devices and test equipment via a GPIB, RS232, or U…
http-digest null
railway.js Railway.JS - MVC framework
test-framework null
testing-strategies null
test-class null
qstatemachine based on the concepts and notation of Statecharts
x-accel-redirect Nginx header to provide access-controlled downloads
com-object null
fsyacc a F# version of yacc, a program generates a parser based on an analytic grammar written in a notation similar t…
riak-cs a storage software solution build on top of Riak.
react-native-fs null
xml-entities Questions about the XML::Entities Perl module.
xwork a command-pattern framework that is used to power Struts 2 as well as other applications.
telethon Python 3 Telegram client library
kubernetes-security null
command-query-separation a principle of imperative computer programming
enterprise-manager a set of web-based tools aimed at managing software and hardware produced by Oracle Corporation as well as by some non-Oracle entities.
static-import a feature introduced in the Java and C# programming languages that allows members defined in a class as public static to be used in the code without specifying th…
layout-animation null
angular-broadcast Angularjs event broadcasting method
react-scripts null
authz a shorthand for in a variety of development contexts.
python-pika a pure-Python implementation of the AMQP 0-9-1 protocol that tries to stay fairly independent of the underlying network support library
python-unittest.mock null
pipes-filters null
predefined-variables null
pppd the Point-to-Point Protocol daemon which is used to manage network connections between two nodes on Unix-like operating systems.
oracle-enterprise-manager a set of web-based tools aimed at managing software and hardware produced by Oracle Corporation as well as by some non-Oracle entities.
opencv-python used when asking questions related to OpenCV, exclusively when Python is used as the programming language
overlapping-matches null
rjb a bridge between Ruby and Java using JNI
self-host-webapi Questions regarding Self-Host ASP.NET Web API
server-communication sent either to or from a server
search-engine-bots null
searchdisplaycontroller null
rack-test null
realex-payments-api The Realex Payments API supports multi-currency credit/debit card acceptance, local and alternative payments, fraud management, currency conversion, card tokenisation and recurring billing, it also su…
qqmlapplicationengine a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a convenient way to load an application from a single QML file.
qnamaker Questions regarding the use and implementation of Microsoft's QnA Maker: https://qnamaker.ai/
qmdiarea The QMdiArea widget, part of the Qt framework, provides an area in which MDI windows are displayed.
qgroupbox a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a group box frame with a title.
reorganize null
renewal null
repast-simphony a cross platform Java-based modeling system that runs under Microsoft Windows, Apple Mac OS X, and Linux
retrypolicy Provides the base implementation of the retry mechanism for unreliable actions and transient conditions when accessing Sql Azure.
retina.js an open source script for using high-resolution images to devices with retina displays
recorder.js Recorder.js uses `navigator.getUserMedia` to record sound from the computer microphone and save it in WAV format
wcf-authentication for questions related to the Windows Communication Foundation Authentication Service.
virtual-desktop null
vertx3 a polyglot event-driven application framework for building reactive applications which run on the Java Virtual Machine.
trampolines A technique to emulate jumps / function calls by a custom dispatch
twiki an open source enterprise wiki
tmlanguage The .tmLanguage TextMate language format describes language grammars, enabling text editors like TextMate and Sublime Text to provide syntax highlighting.
undocumented-behavior Undocumented behaviour relates to elements of software not intended for use by end users , but left available for use by the vendor for software support a…
umts Universal Mobile Telecommunications System is a third generation mobile cellular technology for networks based on the GSM standard.
uipickerviewdatasource an iOS protocol for defining methods instructing a UIPickerView how many components and rows it should display.
stddraw A Java GUI API containing common drawing operations which is part of the Princeton collection of standard java utilities for use in teaching their Computer Science classes and available under the GNU …
storable null
svg-path create lines, curves, arcs and more
tdataset the base class for all dataset components
syncsort IBM mainframe sorting product, available elsewhere alongside data-protection and backup solutions
taskcompletionsource TaskCompletionSource produces a Task<TResult> unbound to a delegate, providing access to the consumer side through the Task property.
sparse-file a file where only the non-zero data are stored in data blocks and all zero-data are generated by the filesystem when the file is read
skcropnode An SKCropNode crops the pixels drawn by its children so that only some of the pixels are rendered to the parent’s framebuffer.
smart-quotes a feature offered by some software , which automatically replaces vertical quotes and apostrophes with typographic quote characters
smartystreets an address validation and geocoding API and list service providing both commercial and free services.
socketstream a fast, modular Node.js web framework dedicated to building realtime single-page apps.
sqlbase SQL DBMS Development by Gupta Technologies
sqlcompare a database comparison and synchronization tool created by Red Gate.
squirrelmail an open-source PHP project that provides both a web-based email application and an IMAP proxy server.
sqr a high level language like Basic but with built in SQL capabilities - it became very popular with PeopleSoft in the early 90's and is still a mainstay of that product
t4scaffolding templated Controller creation using generated Data Models
templatetag null
sublimetext-snippet Related to the creation of code snippets in Sublime Text editor
swift-dictionary A mapping data structure in the Swift programming language, like Python dictionaries or Perl hashes.
stm32ldiscovery null
undef null
up-button used to navigate within an app based on the hierarchical relationships between screens.
todictionary null
timemachine OS X software that backups up your drive to an Apple Time Capsule or other hard drive.
trx Test results file generated when you execute tests using MSTest
trellis a method for visually displaying multiple complex dependencies
viewanimator Base class to perform animations when switching between Android views
validationgroup null
watchface null
winghci Questions regarding WinGHCi - Windows GUI for GHCi
wolfram-language a knowledge based, multi-paradigm programming language
winbugs14 Questions about BUGS language for defining Bayesian models that can be run by the WinBUGS software package
reflex a Haskell library, providing high-performance, deterministic, higher-order Functional Reactive Programming system
riot-games-api A JSON API for retrieving game data for the popular computer game League of Legends.
rackup null
selectcommand null
r-neo4j An R package that allows you to interact with a Neo4j graph database from your R environment.
rparallel refers to the `parallel` package, R core team
rpxnow null
scanline null
scala-xml the standard XML library built for Scala.
ruby-test a Sublime Text 2 plugin for running ruby tests!
parent-node null
perfview PerfView performance tool for .NET developers by Microsoft
one-hot for questions pertaining to the implementation or usage of numbers encoded using a single one-bit.
one-click-web-publishing null
operationcontext null
pyalgotrade an event driven algorithmic trading Python library.
pipelinedb Questions related to PipelineDB - The Streaming SQL Database, which is an open-source relational database that runs SQL queries continuously on streams, incrementally storing results in tables.
perl-xs the XS language that acts as a bridge between Perl and C
pheanstalk a library that serves as an API used to assist in the inter communication between php processes / scripts via a queue system where jobs are created, placed in a FIFO queue
latex-suite null
fbsdksharekit null
react-slick null
appcelerator-arrow Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Arrow family: Arrow Builder, an opinionated API framework and Arrow Cloud for Scalable Cloud Services & Notifications.
appassembler a Maven plugin for generating scripts for starting java applications.
wagon a transport abstraction that is used in Maven's artifact and repository handling code.
w3wp.exe null
launchctl null
launch-agent null
database-integrity null
ldf A transaction log file is a history of actions executed by a database management system to guarantee ACID properties over crashes or hardware failures
statnet a suite of R software packages for network analysis that implement recent advances in the statistical modeling of networks
bacnet a standard to automate building contols
yaf an acronym for any software application which has a name that starts with the words uniquely
xmllist null
xdebug-profiler null
xmlunit-2 an open source project which enables JUnit-style assertions to be made about the content and structure of XML
xmpphp a PHP library for XMPP .
word-vba-mac null
zend-application null
zend-form-sub-form for questions related to Sub Forms, from the Zend Framework.
yii-routing Routing in Yii Framework's MVC implementation
netdatacontractserializer null
compareobject Usually refers to object comparison in object oriented languages.
profile-picture Profile picture refers to the picture a user is currently using as the main/primary picture associated with their account.
wxruby Ruby version of wxWidget which is cross-platform GUI framework.
lime light-weight unit test framework
line-drawing null
xamarin.forms.labs an open source project that aims to provide a robust and cross-platform set of controls and helpers tailored to work with Xamarin Forms.
xamarin.forms.listview Listview-related questions in Xamarin.Forms projects.
xbind a markup extension used in XAML and was released with Windows Universal Apps
disposable a ruby gem, which provides decorators on top of ORM layer.
vcxproj null
vcloud-director-rest-api VMware vCloud Director provisions software-defined data center services as virtual data centers that provide virtualized compute, networking, storage and security.
qtopengl The QtOpenGL module offers classes that make it easy to use OpenGL in Qt applications.
testability null
railsinstaller Install Ruby on Rails / Ruby on Windows and OSX with easy
rails-cells Cells - View Components for Rails
pywikipedia a Python package for using bots to automatically edit MediaWiki wikis, such as wikipedia
qextserialport QextSerialPort provides an interface to serial ports for Qt-based applications.
log4cpp A library of C++ classes for flexible logging to files, syslog, IDSA and other destinations
typelite open source library for generating TypeScript interfaces from .NET classes
typeinitializeexception null
typed.js A jQuery plugin that types
type-declaration null
google-analytics-android null
mappingexception null
pedestal An open source tool set for building web applications in Clojure
vim-powerline a statusline and prompt managing plugin
virsh Linux virtual machines manager.
mathjs an extensive math library for JavaScript and Node.js
job-control null
rest-security RESTful security tag groups all posts related to securing REST applications
actionform null
pfloginviewcontroller null
pyobject a type which contains the information Python needs to treat a pointer to an object as an object.
wpf-4.5 Version 4.5 of the Windows Presentation Foundation.
mixed-code Mixed Code refers to a situation in which code, or sometimes data, of differing privileges share the same context
tachyon a fault tolerant distributed file system enabling reliable file sharing at memory-speed across cluster frameworks, such as Spark and MapReduce.
chromeless The “Chromeless” project experiments with the idea of removing the current browser user interface and replacing it with a flexible platform which allows for the creation of new browser UI using standa…
aria2 a lightweight multi-protocol & multi-source download utility operated in command-line.
xfire Questions regarding Codehaus XFire framework
pysimplesoap PySimpleSOAP - Python Simple SOAP library for client and server web-services interfaces, aimed to be as small and easy as possible, supporting most common functionality.
nssm NSSM - the Non-Sucking Service Manager for Windows.
nsparagraphstyle null
articulate-storyline A tool for authoring and developing interactive e-learning courses.
espn an online platform for multiple sports news, statistics, team information, and player information
erwin CA ERwin Modeling provides a collaborative data modelling environment to manage enterprise data.
sim-toolkit an ETSI defined standard that defines a framework on top of Java Card for SIM resident application .
simultaneous-calls Calling a method in concurrent threads, or events like multiple click as in Pinch Zooming.
objectfactory null
threetenbp the backport of JSR-310 to Java SE 7
theorem a statement that has been proven on the basis of previously established statements, such as other theorems, and previously accepted statements, such as axioms.
tfs-reports null
web-application-firewall an appliance, server plugin, or filter that applies a set of rules to an HTTP conversation.
webactivator A NuGet package that allows other packages to execute some startup code in web apps.
h.323 a recommendation from the ITU Telecommunication Standardization Sector that defines the protocols to provide audio-visual communication sessions on any packet network.
openstack-cinder a Block Storage service for OpenStack
ggrepel ggrepel: Repulsive Text and Label Geoms for 'ggplot2' Provides text and label geoms for 'ggplot2' that help to avoid overlapping text labels
gilead Gilead was previously known as hibernate4gwt : the library has been renamed to reflect a more general purpose than just these two target frameworks, but of course, it still supports them.
dng an open raw image format owned by Adobe used for digital photography
derived-column null
scala-implicits null
npm-link null
idle-processing null
multiserver null
magnitude null
uiautomatorviewer null
numberpad null
add-custom-command null
foxit a software company specializing in PDF tools, such as its Foxit Reader and Foxit PDF editor.
sshkit a toolkit for deploying code and assets to servers in a repeatable, testable, reliable way.
easyxdm a Javascript library that enables you as a developer to easily work around the limitation set in place by the Same Origin Policy.
rspec-puppet a framework for testing Puppet code with the rspec BDD framework
hwpf Apache POI - HWPF - Java API to Handle Microsoft Word Files
sqlhelper a utility class that can be used to execute commands in a SQL Server database.
mpc MPC: multiprecision C library for arithmetic of complex numbers
sku a product or service identification code that helps track the item for inventory
expressionvisitor null
external-js describe external JavaScript files used in a project.
phpdesigner null
visual-inheritance A mechanism of Windows Forms that lets forms inherit controls and appearance.
computed-style null
md-chip Angular input-chips directive following Google Material Design guidelines.
context-switching null
sosex debugger extension for SOS managed code debugger.
soundtouch An open-source audio processing library for changing the Tempo, Pitch and Playback Rates of audio streams or audio files
narrator a screen reader that reads text on the screen aloud
mysql.sock the Unix socket file that the MySQL server uses for communication with local clients.
nd4j scientific computing libraries for the JVM.
wixsharp For C# developers needing to create a Windows Installer MSI to deploy their app, Wix# is perhaps the best replacement for the project type that Microsoft removed from Visual…
with-clause A synonym for instead
dot-operator function composition operator, .
aws-vpc null
g77 The old g77 FORTRAN compiler of GCC which has been replaced by gfortran since release 4.0.
gemalto an international digital security company providing software applications, secure personal devices such as smart cards and tokens in addition to managed services.
gdt a data structure used by Intel x86-family processors
gdb-python Questions related to GDB's Python API.
function-module null
formborderstyle a property of the `Form` type in the .Net framework WinForms
form-designer null
formit an extra for MODx Revolution CMS
fillna for pandas.DataFrame.fillna
dynamic-parallelism dynamic parallelism refers to a capability in CUDA for device kernel launches to be performed from within a device kernel
drupal-search a core module that exposes an API other modules can use to allow searching for data in Drupal.
dsolve null
drawellipse null
econnect an additional product for Microsoft Dynamics GP
er-diagram Entity Relationship Diagram,also called an entity-relationship model A graphical representation of entities and their relationships to each other, typically used in computing in regard to the org…
epp the Extensible Provisioning Protocol, used by DNS registrars to communicate with the top-level registries about changes to domains, contacts, etc.
godeps Godep helps build packages reproducibly by fixing their dependencies.
gvm a tool for managing parallel Versions of multiple Software Development Kits on most Unix based systems.
harmon.ie Questions about products from company www.harmon.ie
grouped-collection-select In Ruby on Rails, grouped collection select returns <select>, <optgroup> and <option> tags for the collection of existing return values of method for object's class.
gquery a jQuery-like API written in GWT
iformatprovider Provides a mechanism for retrieving an object to control formatting.
icloneable Questions regarding .NET ICloneable Interface
imapclient IMAPClient aims to be a easy-to-use, Pythonic and complete IMAP client library with no dependencies outside the Python standard library.
imap-open a member of PHP's collection of functions dedicated for dealing with IMAP
html-escape null
http-protocols an application protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information systems
hfp a bluetooth profiles that allows hands-free kits to communicate with mobile phones.
hfs+ a file system developed by Apple to replace the Hierarchical File System as the primary file system used in Macs.
heritrix a web-crawler.
multiple-entries null
multimarkdown a superset of Markdown, a lightweight markup language.
mysqltuner a script written in Perl that will assist you with your MySQL configuration and make recommendations for increased performance and stability.
nintendo A company that produces games and consoles.
neventstore A persistence agnostic Event Store for .NET
node-cron null
nls-lang a client side environment variable used to define language, territory and character set properties and to specify the locale behavior.
mpi-io MPI/IO provides high performance, portable, parallel I/O interface to high performance, portable, parallel MPI programs
moo a minimal object-oriented programming library for the Perl programming language.
meteoric null
memory-bandwidth null
jaxws-maven-plugin Maven plugin adapter for JAX-WS's toolset
jasmine-maven-plugin The maven plugin jasmine-maven-plugin helps you to execute your jasmine test scripts as part of a maven build.
jake a JavaScript build program for Node.js, with capabilities similar to GNU Make or Ruby's Rake
isar Intelligible semi-automated reasoning is an approach to human readable formal proof documents .
iserializable null
ismouseover null
jquery-slide-effects null
jquery-mobile-flipswitch JQuery mobile's toggle switch widget
lifetime-scoping null
kprobe A dynamic instrumentation system that allows one to gather additional information about kernel operation without recompiling or rebooting a kernel.
laravel-dotenv null
lexicon null
keyrelease A transition triggered by a key released event
clipper Member of the xBase family of languages
wikimedia-dumps null
whisper one of the components of Graphite, and is responsible for the back-end storage of incoming metrics from the network.
policyfiles null
bitboard a data structure commonly used in computer systems that play board games.
bonsai-elasticsearch Questions regarding Bonsai which provides on Demand Elasticsearch cluster
cassandra-2.2 a NoSQL database sponsored by Apache
carbide an opensource developer tool by Nokia
dex2jar a set of tools to work with Android .dex and java .class files.
datadetectortypes null
codesynthesis a systems software development company with a focus on automated object persistence, domain-specific languages and their mappings, compiler design, code generation, and source-…
color-detection null
cusolver part of the NVIDIA CUDA toolkit to accelerate various dense and sparse LAPACK-like operations on GPUs
cylindrical null
alertifyjs a javascript framework for developing pretty browser dialogs and notifications
adplus a tool from Microsoft Product Support Services that can troubleshoot any process or application that stops responding or fails .
alfred a productivity app for MacOS which allows one to search for files online or locally on one's Macintosh
ata null
asynchronous-postback null
auto-versioning null
android-update-app null
apache-metamodel The Apache Metamodel project provides a common interface for discovery, exploration of metadata and querying of different types of data sources.
apache-shindig an OpenSocial container and helps you to start hosting OpenSocial apps quickly by providing the code to render gadgets, proxy requests, and handle REST and RPC requests.
ahah a very simple technique for dynamically updating web pages using JavaScript.
altivec a floating point and integer SIMD instruction set designed and owned by Apple, IBM and Freescale Semiconductor, formerly the Semiconductor Products Sector of Motorola, , a…
custom-painting null
p4api.net Perforce's own .NET API.
cfiledialog null
akka-actor null
gae-quotas App Engine limits resources usage up to certain quotas to ensure that your application won't exceed your daily budget.
gccgo a compiler for the Go language.
gaps-in-data refers to gaps in data structures and sequences.
pasting null
option-strict The Option Strict Statement restricts implicit data type conversions to only widening conversions which disallows late binding, and also disallows implicit typing which results in an Object type.
passport-google-oauth Passport strategies for authenticating with Google using OAuth 1.0a and OAuth 2.0.
bullseye a code coverage analyzer which can be used for testing the coverage for C and C++ codes
metricbeat null
bulk-email sending the same email to multiple email addresses at the same time.
microkernel a highly limited kernel that usually only supports address space management, thread management and inter-process communication when other parts of the OS run in userspace.
itcl null
kal an open source calendar component for the iPhone .
katex a fast, easy-to-use JavaScript library for TeX math rendering on the web
passport-twitter Passport strategy for authenticating with Twitter using the OAuth 1.0a API.
cfpdf a feature in the CFML language that allows for the manipulation of PDF documents.
path-separator null
mergeinfo null
supersonic A mixed HTML5/native UI framework for building hybrid mobile apps.
rolap ROLAP is designed to allow analysis of data through the use of a multidimensional data model
dib a Device Independent Bitmap
user-variables SQL variables set by the user, without special significance to the RDBMS.
qwerty a keyboard layout where the first six keys appearing in the top left letter row of the keyboard read Q-W-E-R-T-Y from left to right.
alt-tab the common name for a keyboard shortcut that has been in Microsoft Windows since Windows 3.0
ahoy Ahoy provides a solid foundation to track visits and events in Ruby, JavaScript, and native apps.
aim an instant messaging and presence computer program.
aggregateexception null
appirater a class file that can be added to present android/ios project so that it can facilitate user to add comments and rate app on Google Play/App Store.
appwarp a platform for developing multiplayer games across multiple systems
android-mms null
android-ndk-r7 The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
android-firmware null
awk-formatting null
azure-hub null
android-1.5-cupcake a major platform release deployable to Android-powered handsets starting in May 2009
ampscript a scripting language that you can embed within HTML emails, text emails, landing pages, SMS messages, and push notifications from MobilePush
amstock create Stock and other date/time-based charts
active-window The window in front of all other open windows, on a graphical user interface
elasticsearch-6 null
ejabberd-hooks ejabberd provides an event mechanism
ejabberd-api null
ejbca an enterprise class PKI Certificate Authority software.
custom-code null
dcl the language for command lines and batch files of RSX and VMS operating systems; it stands for Digital Command Language .
dcevm The Dynamic Code Evolution Virtual Machine is a modification of the Java HotSpot VM that allows unlimited redefinition of loaded classes at runtime
dip-principle The Dependency Inversion Principle in object-oriented programming, one of the SOLID principles
django-dev-server django-dev-server refers to lightweight web server provided by Django for development purposes
cakephp-routing a feature that maps URLs to controller actions.
browser-bugs null
bootstrap-dialog a wrapper for bootstrap 3.x modals.
bluegiga Finland based company that manufactures products specifically adhere to Wireless Technology
blue-green-deployment Blue-green deployment minimizes downtime by switching from one identical environment to another
base36 a positional numeral system using 36 as the radix
bad-gateway Bad gateway refers to http error 502 which is mean that a server which is try to fulfill the client request received an invalid response from upstream server
white-box-testing a process of giving the input and checking how the given input is been processed to obtain the output from the system.
emailrelay null
cling an interactive C++ interpreter, built on the top of LLVM and Clang libraries
jzy3d an open-source Java library that allows you to easily draw 3D scientific data.
level-of-detail null
linuxbrew An experimental fork of Homebrew for Linux.
locked-files null
ioredis A robust, performance-focused and full-featured Redis client for Node and io.js.
ionic2-select null
memcachedb a distributed key-value storage system designed for persistent
mcisendstring The mciSendString function sends a command string to an MCI device
mass-emails null
mortar mortar - a simple library that makes it easy to pair thin views with dedicated controllers, isolated from most of the vagaries of the Activity life cycle.
mpu6050 a commonly available 6DOF IMU .
non-printable A character code that does not represent a written symbol, and is usually a printing or telecommunication control character.
non-unicode intended to be a universal character set for describing all the characters required for written text incorporating all writing systems, technical symbols and punctuation
object-comparison null
nvenc Nvidia's dedicated H.264, HEVC hardware on the GPU chip that performs video encoding.
nsxpcconnection The NSXPCConnection API provides an objective-c RPC mechanism built on top of xpc.
nesper a CLR-based component for building CEP and ESP engines.
myget Use to tag any questions related to the MyGet package management platform .
muxer null
hudson-api The Hudson API provides you to communicate with its basic functionalities via REST.
immediate ambiguous
igmp Question related to IGMP, a communications protocol used by hosts and adjacent routers on IP networks to establish multicast group memberships.
ietf-netconf The NETCONF protocol defines a simple remote procedure call mechanism through which a network device can be managed, configuration data information can be retrieved, and new configuration data can be …
ifndef Is one of the basic C/C++ pre processor macros to include/exclude specific parts of the source code to be compiled
imperative a paradigm of expressing the logic of a computer program or computation by explicitly describing its control flow in terms of statements that change a program state.
inferred-type Type inference refers to the automatic deduction of the type of an expression in a programming language.
insecure-connection null
insert-query A DML command that inserts new data into a recordset.
grails-2.1 an open source web application framework which uses the Groovy programming language
georss a standard for encoding location as part of a Web feed
ergonomics study of designing equipment and devices that fit the human body, its movements, and its cognitive abilities
expired-sessions null
edirectory null
filestreamresult null
fastclick.js a simple, easy-to-use library for eliminating the 300ms delay between a physical tap and the firing of a click event on mobile browsers
flowdocumentreader Questions regarding .NET FlowDocumentReader Class
aws-sdk-cpp null
aws-batch AWS Batch enables you to run batch computing workloads on the AWS Cloud
splitstackshape Use the splitstackshape R package to stack and reshape datasets after splitting concatenated values
inequalities null
wkinterfacelabel In iOS Watchkit, a WKInterfaceLabel object lets you manipulate the contents of an onscreen label at runtime
native-module null
sortables null
sorttable.js A Javascript library to make HTML tables sortable by clicking on their headers.
libreoffice-writer Writer has all the features you need from a modern, full-featured word processing and desktop publishing tool
libgcc null
compositetype composed of other data types.
conan a portable package manager, intended for C and C++ developers, but it is able to manage builds from source, dependencies, and precompiled binaries for any language.
abperson an object in Mac OS X's and iOS' Address Book application
about-box A dialog box that displays the credits and revision information of a computer software.
class-names null
express-stormpath null
social-authentication A form of single sign-on using existing login information from a social networking service such as Facebook, Twitter or Google+ to sign into a third party website.
snap-in null
phrets a PHP client library for interacting with a RETS server to pull real estate listings, photos and other data made available from an MLS system.
aspx-user-control null
playbook a tablet computer made by Research In Motion.
pixijs a fast, JavaScript-based 2d WebGL renderer library
noise-generator Anything related to software noise generators and noise generation techniques
non-exhaustive-patterns null
ccr for questions relating to the Concurrency and Coordination Runtime , provided by Microsoft as part of the Microsoft Robotics Toolkit.
ogr2ogr used to convert simple features data between file formats performing various operations during the process such as spatial or attribute selections, reducing the set of attributes, setting t…
modal-view null
mod-auth null
sqlitestudio a DB manager for SQLite databases http://sqlitestudio.pl
mousepress null
prettytable A simple Python library for easily displaying tabular data in a visually appealing ASCII table format.
preset null
ssp null
apartments Concept in the threading model of the Component Object Model , occurs in terms like STA and MTA
addon-domain null
scoped-ptr A smart pointer provided by Boost that owns a dynamically-allocated pointer and cannot be copied or moved, retaining ownership of the pointer in its scope.
screen-off null
flatpickr A lightweight Javascript date-time picker with no external dependencies.
magento-2.0.7 questions related to Magento 2.0.7 version of PHP eCommerce software and platform
multitargeting null
multiway-tree a tree where each node can have a variable number of children.
multiple-results null
jquery-chaining Chaining allows us to run multiple jQuery methods within a single statement.
google-indoor-maps Questions regarding Google's indoor maps
systemevent null
system-configuration null
system.security null
nsconnection Questions regarding Apple's NSConnection class
vsixmanifest VSIX deployment manifest file describes the contents of a VSIX package
automoq Auto mocking provider for Moq
autofac-module null
vte a library that provides a terminal widget implementation in GTK, functions for starting a new process on a new pseudo-terminal and for manipulating pseudo-terminals.
ctp releases of software in a pre-beta form for developers, IT professionals and journalists to have prior to official releases.
request.servervariables Questions regarding ASP ServerVariables Collection
missing-template null
minikanren a declarative logic programming system with first-class relations, embedded in a pure functional subset of Scheme
file-moving null
little-man-computer Little Man Computer models an instructional Von Neumann computer architecture and uses assembly language.
jcabi a collection of small open source Java libraries
mongoalchemy a layer on top of the Python MongoDB driver which adds client-side schema definitions, an easier to work with and programmatic query language, and a Document-Object mapper which allows…
monger a Clojure MongoDB client
object-property null
as3crypto a cryptography library written in Actionscript 3 that provides several common algorithms
zero-pad null
errbot a Python chatbot, a daemon that connects to your favorite chat service and brings your tools into the conversation
nsprintoperation null
taction a generic action VCL component
chef-zero Questions regarding Chef zero server
pyorient a Orientdb driver for python that uses the binary protocol.
react-d3 Modular ReactJS charts made using d3 chart utilities
react-day-picker a flexible date picker component for React
app-secret null
matterjs a 2D rigid body physics engine for the web written in JavaScript.
androidasync-koush Asynchronous socket, http , websocket, and socket.io library for android by Koushik Dutta
android-architecture-lifecycle null
pdist pdist computes pairwise distance between pairs of objects in m-by-n data matrix in MATLAB.
android-app-signing only for Google Play App Signing online service, not for generic app signing issues.
goliath An open source non-blocking Ruby web server framework, powered by an EventMachine reactor, a high-performance HTTP parser and Ruby 1.9 runtime.
google-ad-manager null
integrator null
redland a set of free C libraries providing support for Resource Description Framework data.
windows-process null
struts2-namespace a concept to subdivide packages on multiple modules by given a namespace to each module
irepository just an interface that you create
ranger a framework to enable, monitor and manage comprehensive data security across the Hadoop platform.
httperf a tool for measuring web server performance.
treecontrol null
intrusive-containers null
msr registers inside the CPU that provide direct access to advanced CPU features.
wymeditor an open-source web xhtml editor
wxnotebook null
linden-scripting-language the programming language used in the game Second Life.
rgui null
fswatch A cross-platform file change monitor with multiple backends: Apple OS X File System Events API, *BSD kqueue, Linux inotify and a stat-based backend
function-approximation A function that implements an approximation solution for a problem
react-native-image null
anemone a Ruby library that makes it quick and painless to write programs that spider a website
axwebbrowser null
yetanotherforum an open-source discussion forum written in ASP.NET using SQL Server for its data storage
xcode3to4 Migration from Xcode 3 to Xcode 4
xcode6gm null
xmm null
xdoclet an open-source code generation library that enables Attribute-oriented programming for Java via insertion of special Javadoc tags
entitycollection null
command-window null
kube-proxy a component of kubernetes that is responsible for `service` and load balance.
static-data information encoded by a programmer which generally does not change at runtime
relaunch null
nexus-10 an Android tablet made by Google.
fedext Fluid Powered TYPO3 framework
auto-build null
angular-route-segment A lightweight extension for AngularJS $route service which supports tree-like nested views and routes, and advanced flow handling.
amazon-kms an encryption and key management service scaled for the cloud
lateral null
pyfacebook a thin wrapper for accessing Facebook's RESTful API through Python.
document.evaluate The document.evaluate method enables XPath queries to be performed in JavaScript in Web applications and documents
phlivephoto null
perlscript a scripting engine to run Perl scripts on either ASP or WSH.
pik a Ruby version manager for Windows
pipelined-function Use the result of a PL/SQL routine as if it were a table.
plexus a software framework for building modular applications using dependency injection.
plugin.xml null
pluck a Rails function used to query a single or multiple columns from the underlying table of a model.
plv8 A Javascript procedural language add-on for PostgreSQL
project-properties null
progressmonitor null
pcregrep pcregrep searches files for character patterns, in the same way as other grep commands do, but it uses the PCRE regular expression library to support patterns that are compatible with the regular expr…
rowsorter an abstract java class that provides the basis for sorting and filtering
scrollwheel null
sdkman a tool for managing parallel versions of multiple Software Development Kits on most Unix based systems
scnscene null
respondstoselector a Swift call, which checks if an object indeed responds to the given selector
recognizer-intent Android Constants for supporting speech recognition through starting an Intent
windows-clustering null
windowed null
winexe winexe remotely executes commands on WindowsNT/2000/XP/2003 systems from GNU/Linux.
windows-server-2008-x64 for questions specifically about the x64 version of Windows Server 2008.
wbem a set of systems management technologies developed to unify the management of distributed computing environments
waveout an API for playing digital sounds in Windows.
webengine null
vistadb an Embedded SQL Database Engine for .Net
varying null
tkx an interface to Tk from Perl
tig a text mode git repository browser that additionally can act as a pager for output from various git commands.
tpanel a VCL control implementing a generic panel control.It is defined in ExtCtrls.pas unit.
updatecommand null
unshelve Questions regarding to undo shelve operations primarily on changes in version control as TFS
stateless-session null
swift3.0.2 null
subscript-operator null
template-inheritance null
table-alias null
stack-pointer The register that points to the current location in the call-stack
spweb Represents a SharePoint Foundation website.
sparkcore an Arduino-compatible, Wi-Fi enabled, cloud-powered development platform for creating internet-connected hardware.
spray-routing null
spquery SPQuery represents a query in a SharePoint list view
slony a trigger-based replication engine for the PostgreSQL database.
shellshock-bash-bug GNU Bash through 4.3 processes trailing strings after function definitions in the values of environment variables, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted environment
shfb Sandcastle Helpfile Builder
shell32.dll a library which contains Windows Shell API functions.
shopp an open source WordPress e-commerce plugin.
simbl SIMBL short for SIMple Bundle Loader, formerly Smart InputManager Bundle Loader.
sitecore-xdb Sitecore's implementation of MongoDb
spoof null
solidus an open source e-commerce system
spyon null
sqlcode null
sql-server-openxml a SQL Server keyword that provides a rowset over in-memory XML documents which can be treated like a table or a view.
syswow64 reserved for 64-bit applications
textrenderer null
tfsintegrationplatform a supported toolset for the migration, upgrading and syncronisation of version control and work item systems
tfs-alerts a Type of TFS notification sent to stakeholders when an event occurs.
strtr a php function that translates characters in a string, either by using an additional translation string, or a single to=>from key=>value array.
undelete null
uml-designer null
uikit-state-preservation The state preservation system in UIKit provides a simple but flexible infrastructure for preserving and restoring the state of your app’s view controllers and views.
tokumx open source performance-enhancing software for MongoDB that makes MongoDB more performant in large applications with demanding requirements.
tizen-studio null
twitter-login null
user-settings null
vertical-scroll null
web-chat a system that allows users to communicate in real time using easily accessible web interfaces
web-client null
webgl-extensions null
webstore null
windows-share null
winforms-to-web null
wordpress.com a hosted solution by the creators of the WordPress content management system
weighting null
weex a framework for building mobile cross-platform UI from alibaba.
redux-devtools a live-editing time travel environment for for Chrome and Firefox
remotipart The Remotipart gem enables AJAX file-upload capability to remote forms in Rails 3 apps by extending the native jquery-ujs functionality.
return-by-value null
return-path null
render-to-string null
resource-id null
rawcontacts null
qualcomm a leader in mobile chipset design and own a significant amount of intellectual property in CDMA, GSM, 3G, 4G, 5G chipset markets
schema-migration Schema migration refers to altering the data schema used in an application
serviceconnection null
serialscroll null
sha-3 a family of cryptographic hash functions, a successor to SHA-2.
scancodes null
palm-os Questions about Palm OS from PalmSource/ACCESS
page-flipping null
page-break-inside a CSS property that defines page breaks inside the current element such as avoid
oneplusone the first smartphone developed by new start-up company OnePlus
ocsigen A toolkit for developing web application in OCaml.
powervr-sgx null
pssnapin PowerShell snap-ins provides a mechanism for registering sets of cmdlets and another Windows PowerShell provider with the shell
portable-areas null
playscape null
phantom-types null
photoeditorsdk null
phoneme the smallest part of a word that can be pronounced
safari6 Safari version 6 released at July 25, 2012, use this tag in addition of safari tag when you want to ask specific question related with this version.
angular-ui-tabset null
waitformultipleobjects Win32 API synchronization function that can wait for readiness of either a single or all elements in a given set of handles , optionally with a time…
waitress meant to be a production-quality pure-Python WSGI server with very acceptable performance.
ngdoc Inline language for documenting angularjs applications
react-table a lightweight, fast and extendable datagrid built for React.
read-data null
apng Related to reading/writing Animated Portable Network Graphics files.
statusline null
cricheditctrl null
telerik-test-studio a commercial tool for automated software testing.
l2tp In computer networking, Layer 2 Tunneling Protocol is a tunneling protocol used to support virtual private networks or as part of the delivery of services by ISPs
enterframeevent used in ActionScript programming
enumerated-types refers to enumerated data types
xml-literals null
xmlmapper null
workday Workday offers enterprise-level software solutions for human resource and financial management
wordpress-json-api A plugin that provides a RESTful API for WordPress
wsit Web Services Interoperability Technologies.
yesod-forms null
zend-optimizer Zend Optimizer was created to decrypt PHP files encrypted by Zend Studio/Zend Guard
zypper a command line package manager, which makes use of libzypp.
azure-devtest-labs null
azure-cli2 null
angular2-google-maps null
blender-2.61 The Blender Foundation and online developer community present Blender 2.60
function-binding null
fuelcms a modular-based hybrid of a framework and a content management system
ftgl A font rendering library for OpenGL
richtextediting usually related to an online rich-text editor is the interface for editing rich text within web browsers, which presents the user with a
proget a NuGet package repository that lets you host and manage your own personal or enterprise-wide NuGet feeds
qtplugin null
tether a comprehensive JavaScript library for anchoring elements to other elements, as well as the browser viewport
queueing null
questasim Mentor Graphics software to perform a functional simulation of a VHDL or Verilog HDL designs
transit a format and set of libraries for conveying values between applications written in different programming languages.
pyuno the official Python interface to the OpenOffice component model, UNO.
horde a web based groupware consisting of applications including IMP email client, address book, calendar, notes, task manager, file manager etc which is primarily written on PHP
horizontal-line null
intel-parallel-studio Questions related to Intel Parallel Studio suite of C++ and Fortran performance tools for technical computing, enterprise and HPC on Windows, Linux and OS X.
fbdialogs null
parameter-expansion Parameter expansion replaces variables with their values as an evaluation phase of a command in most Bourne-derived shells.
logback-groovy A Groovy DSL that provides an alternative to XML for configuring Logback.
godoc GoDoc hosts documentation for Go packages on Bitbucket, GitHub, Google Project Hosting and Launchpad
google-ajax-api a set of JavaScript APIs developed by Google that allows interaction with Google Services and integration of rich, multimedia, search or feed-based Internet conten…
uploadifive the HTML 5 version of Uploadify
urbancode null
upx a executable packer that is used to compress executable files.
typelist null
pdf-annotations PDF Annotations associate an object such as a note, sound, or movie with a location on a page of a PDF document, or provides a way to interact with the user by means of the mouse and keyboard
pdfium an open-source PDF rendering engine used in Chrome web browser.
peer-connection null
vimage a library of high-performance image-processing routines provided by Apple in macOS, iOS, tvOS, and watchOS
footprint null
jive Social media software for businesses.
fo-dicom The Fellow Oak DICOM library provides extensive coverage of the DICOM standard to applications using the .NET Framework and .Net Core.
approval-tests an open source library written for several languages which has been designed to support unit testing based on the idea of a Golden Master
applovin Cross platform mobile advertising network
worklight-console a web-based UI dedicated to the ongoing monitoring and administration of the Worklight Server and its deployed apps, adapters and push notifications, that helps summarize the vari…
rd Use for questions related to the *documentation* of files written in R.
pymacs A tool to allow two-way communication between Emacs and Python.
chrome-for-android The Android version of the popular web browser from Goole.
chrome-options null
boost-random The Boost Random Number Library provides a variety of generators and distributions to produce random numbers having useful properties, such as uniform distribution
nsq a realtime message processing system designed to operate at bitly’s scale, handling billions of messages per day.
nstableheaderview null
xfdf the XML version of the specification
xlsb Microsoft File Extension for Excel Binary Workbook file
swxmlhash a third-party XML parser for swift
objectname null
object-initialization null
mongo-jackson-mapper null
hibernate-native-query null
hibernate-cache null
third-normal-form null
turbo-prolog a very fast old Prolog system that only works with MS-DOS
annotation-processor null
file-import To use data produced by another application
file-find null
minitab Statistical software available from the Minitab corporation.
image-load null
bea null
gideros a free and open sourced mobile first app development framework
dnode an asynchronous object-oriented RPC system for node.js that lets you call remote functions.
dbn Deep Belief Networks, a key concept in contemporary neural networks.
dbms-job A package in Oracle
system.speech.recognition The System.Speech.Recognition namespace contains Windows Desktop Speech technology types for implementing speech recognition
npp the abbreviation of NVIDIA Performance Primitives
nsblockoperation a concrete subclass of NSOperation that manages the concurrent execution of one or more blocks
jquery-1.3 jQuery 1.3 introduced new CSS selector engine, live events, jQuery event object, HTML injection rewrite and removed browser sniffing
magicalrecord-2.2 null
flex-charting Flex charting controls lets you create some of the most common chart types, and also lets you customize the appearance of your charts
graphic-design the creative process in which an artist produces imagery to convey a message.
ruboto a framework for writing full Android apps in Ruby
addremoveprograms a standard Microsoft Windows UI for listing applications installed on the computer and providing basic mainterance actions like uninstalling, repairing or modifyin…
box-sizing a CSS3 Box Model property that specifies whether or not an element's border and padding are included in its height and width
consul-template null
android-input-filter null
timeuuid Use it to mark specific Cassandra questions that are involving a TimeUUID instead of a generic UUID.
android-maps-extensions a library extending Google Maps Android API v2
slidesjs a plugin for jQuery 1.7.1+ for creating slideshows, supporting touch and CSS3 transitions.
offsetwidth null
omnibox The omnibox API allows you to register a keyword with Google Chrome's address bar, which is also known as the omnibox.
cd-burning null
pixel-density the measurement of pixels per inch/centimeter of devices such as computer displays, smartphones, scanners, or image sensors.
pkcs#5 Password-based Encryption Standard from RSA laboratories.
php-stream-wrappers PHP provides a number of miscellaneous I/O streams that allow access to PHP's own input and output streams, the standard input, output and error file descriptors, in-memory and disk-backed temporary f…
phptal a templating engine for PHP5 that implements the brilliant Zope Page Templates syntax.
coinbase-php PHP wrapper for the Coinbase API
android-signing null
snapshot-isolation null
colorama Simple cross-platform colored terminal text in Python
exrm null
total.js a Web application framework for node.js
generic-variance the ability to assign a generic interface or delegate type to the same type with another parameter, for example, assign IEnumerable<String> to IEnumerable<Object>
68hc12 A 16-bit microcontroller family from Freescale Semiconductor
concrete5-8.x relate specifically to the latest major version of concrete5 version 8.
luasql a simple interface from Lua to a number of database management systems
libgphoto2 a program and library framework that lets users download pictures from their digital cameras
glrotate OpenGL function that produces a rotation of angle degrees around the vector x y z .
source-control-bindings null
continuous-testing The concept of running all relevant tests on any modification of the source code
spectron a testing framework, built upon ChromeDriver and WebdriverIO, for end to end testing Electron applications.
wix3.11 For issues relating to deployment using WiX toolset, version 3.11.
shrine a file upload toolkit for Ruby, it's designed to be simple, extensible, secure and fast, and provides an abstraction for different storages.
flup null
fluentlenium a framework that helps you to write Selenium tests.
feedjira a Ruby library designed to fetch and parse feeds.
factoring refers to the mathematical decomposition of integers into their factors
editablegrid an open source Javascript library to manage grid component
econnreset ECONNRESET means that the other side has closed the connection without reading outstanding data that has been sent to it, and can be triggered on both read and write
elasticsearch-indices null
dynamics-365-operations one of Microsoft’s Enterprise Resource Planning software products
evosuite a Java tool used to automatically generate JUnit test cases
evp-cipher a high level interface to certain symmetric ciphers.
epsg null
epel Extra Packages for Enterprise Linux is a Fedora Special Interest Group that creates, maintains, and manages a high quality set of additional packages for Enterprise Linux, including, but not…
epg Electrongic Program Guide, real-time updating menu systems for broadcast radio and TV providing scheduling information for current and upcoming content.
generic.xaml For issues relating to the generic.xaml file which is used to define default styles of custom WPF controls.
geotargetting null
getmessage null
gnu-cobol a free COBOL compiler, formerly known as OpenCOBOL
instabug In-App Feedback and Bug Reporting for both iOS and Android apps.
illegalaccessexception thrown when an application tries to reflectively create an instance , set or get a field, or invoke a method, but the currently executing method does …
hexagonal-architecture a software architecture proposed by Alistair Cockburn
hft HFT stands for High Frequency Trading; it is the use of algorithm to trade stocks, options and other securities in very short time
hl7-v3 a non-profit organization involved in the development of international healthcare informatics interoperability standards
mysql-spatial MySQL implements spatial extensions following the specification of the Open Geospatial Consortium .
ndk-gdb A helper shell script named 'ndk-gdb' to easily launch a native debugging session for your NDK-generated machine code.
newrow null
nvapi NVIDIA's core software development kit that allows direct access to NVIDIA GPUs and drivers on all windows platforms
objc-bridging-header null
ob-get-contents null
nosuchfileexception made to access a file that does not exist.
not-operator A unary Boolean operator that negates its operand
monotorrent a cross-platform library implementing the BitTorrent protocol
mod-proxy-balancer the load-balancing module for the Apache HTTP server.
masonry-ios-osx an iOS/OS X library for helping to create NSLayoutConstraints easily.
manjaro a user-friendly GNU/Linux distribution based on the independently developed Arch Linux.
material-design-in-xaml Google's Material Design in XAML & WPF, for C# & VB.Net.
metadatatype a type used to define the context and properties of a metadata entity
meteor-tracker an tiny but powerful library for transparent reactive programming in JavaScript
ios3.0 For issues relating to using iOS, version 3.0.
interface-orientation null
janus-gateway an open-source WebRTC gateway
javascript-security null
jump-table A jump table is used to transfer program control to another part of the program by storing a table of branch instructions.
lowest-common-ancestor null
listbuffer null
lexical-closures functions, often anonymous, that capture, or close over, their lexical environment
libusbdotnet null
libtool-xcode part of Xcode .
libtorrent-rasterbar a feature complete C++ bittorrent implementation focusing on efficiency and scalability
kr-c For questions about K&R C, the pre-standard language described in the first edition of by Kernighan & Ritchie
clipperlib Polygon and line clipping and offsetting library
clrprofiler null
cefglue a .NET binding for The Chromium Embedded Framework
wiki-markup a lightweight markup language used to write pages in wiki websites, such as Wikipedia, and is a simplified alternative/intermediate to HTML.
poeaa short for Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture
barcode4j a library to create barcodes with Java.
bash-function A sequence of bash commands that can be called with a function name.
bitlocker full disk encryption feature included with select editions of Windows Vista and later
b-tree-index null
django-caching django-caching refers to the Django cache system
distributed-testing null
distriqt a development studio which provides a bunch of air native extensions.
devserver null
domain-masking null
django-viewflow for questions related to the viewflow library that provides workflow features for django web apps
demorgans-law two important rules of Boolean algebra, relating the logical operators in terms of each other via negation.
datacontracts null
cryptoswift a collection of standards and algorithms to fulfill most cryptographic needs.
crystal-reports-2011 null
cordova-chrome-app Cordova Chrome apps enable Chrome apps built with HTML, CSS, and Javascript to run as native Android or iOS apps using Apache Cordova as a wrapper.
content-pipeline The XNA Content Pipeline
codeskulptor a browser-based Python interpreter
code-search-engine null
componentart ComponentArt delivers User interface components, Developer tools for Visual Studio and .NET and also mobile BI dashboards for Windows, iOS and Android.
combres .NET library which enables minification, compression, combination, and caching of JavaScript and CSS resources for ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC web applications
contact-list A list of all the contacts stored on your mobile device
postgres-xl a maintained, updated fork of the multi-master PostgreSQL fork postgres-XC
postgresql-8.2 Questions specific to version 8.2 of the widely-used PostgreSQL relational database system
postgres-9.6 null
accessible The degree to which a product, device, service, or environment is available to as many people as possible.
adoconnection used to create an open connection to a data source
albacore Albacore: Dolphin-Safe Rake Tasks For .NET Systems
aerogear a Jboss community project which provides a collection of libraries to simplify and unify mobile development across different platforms.
assemblyversions null
angularjs-track-by null
appdomainsetup null
appcompat-v7-r22.2 null
apache-commons-lang3 Apache Commons Lang3 provides a number of helper classes for things that are deemed missing in the Java base libraries
air-android a file format which allows developers to build with HTML, JavaScript, ActionScript®, and Flex and then convert that content into an APK file which can be run on the Android platform…
qwebengineview null
cfimage Creates a ColdFusion image that can be manipulated by using Image functions
ushort ushort keyword indicates an integral data type that stores values according to the size and range shown in the following table.
ropensci R packages created by the organization R Open Science that interact with scientific data repositories, journals, and providers of scientific metrics.
rouge an elegant, extendable code highlighter written in pure Ruby
message-listener null
message-handlers null
ora-06512 Oracle database error code ORA-06512: unhandled exception
meson-build a build configuration system used to build C/C++, Java, Rust, Objective-C/C++, and Fortran projects
j9 IBM's J9 Java Virtual Machine
microsoft-ajax-minifier null
bundle-layout A visualization technique designed specifically to display adjacency relations on top of a tree structure.
rosalind a platform for learning bioinformatics through problem solving.
rollout null
gal a directory service within the Microsoft Exchange email system.
cwd global benchmark and source of design inspiration for web designers
cxxtest a unit testing framework for C++
associate null
assisted-inject null
asp.net-caching null
avassetimagegenerator An AVAssetImageGenerator object provides thumbnail or preview images of assets independently of playback.
aviarc a high productivity application development platform designed to deliver user-centric applications effectively and efficiently.
asynchronous-wcf-call null
adwords-api-v201109 null
.net-security Not a stand alone tag
powerbuilder-pfc The PowerBuilder Foundation Class Library is a set of PowerBuilder objects that are customized and used to develop class libraries
postgresql-json added in 9.2
conform null
code-map Visual Studio Code Map
exchangelib a Python package which provides an interface for communicating with a Microsoft Exchange 2007-2016 Server or Office365 using Exchange Web Services .
covering-index null
cryptanalysis null
data-segment null
disable-link null
django-bootstrap3 null
django-ajax-selects a module for Django which enables editing of ForeignKey, ManyToMany and CharField using jQuery UI Autocomplete.
business-connector a Microsoft Dynamics AX component that enables you to integrate with Microsoft Dynamics AX from a .NET-connected application
bootstrap-wysihtml5 null
browserid a distributed web identity and login system
callblocking null
camel-sql null
cart-analysis Classification and Regression Tree analysis
bit-packing for questions related to bit packing, for example packing bits into integer types.
bodymovin an AfterEffects extension that exports animations to SVG or Canvas
azure-monitoring null
cnf Common Navigator Framework - Eclipse platform provides this framework for tree based viewers
c++builder-10-seattle a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
polymer-elements The iron- paper- gold- neon- platinum- molecules-elements and Google Web Components
click-tracking null
libtcod a library for advanced console output and API for developing roguelikes.
lektor a static content management system written in Python licensed under the BSD license.
ko-custom-binding for question regarding the creation or use of Knockout js custom bindings
macrodef null
macbookpro-touch-bar should be used for programming questions related to modern MacBook Pros' 'Touch Bar', a wide multitouch screen above the keyboard, designed for accessing global and application-specific funct…
magento-1.13 Magento Enterprise Edition 1.13 release.
magellan part of the Zurb Foundation Framekwork
jumi the set of custom code extensions for Joomla
jubula an Eclipse based automated functional GUI testing framework for Java and HTML
joyent high-performance cloud infrastructure and big data analytics company, offering organizations of any size the best public and hybrid cloud infrastructure for today's demanding rea…
janino a super-small, super-fast Java™ compiler.
isomorphic-fetch-api Fetch for node and Browserify
metaphone a phonetic algorithm published in 1990 for indexing words by their English pronunciation.
memory-optimized-tables Tables using in memory OLTP feature introduced in SQL Server 2014.
max-pooling null
mkdocs Static site generator geared towards building project documentation
mru a list of files recently used by programs.
notification-area for questions about the system notification area , on topics such as examining or adjusting the tray icons in the notification area, and issuing or capturing not…
notification-bar null
nop Assembly operation for filling space and time doing nothing.
node.js-tape A simple TAP-producing test library for node.js
neato a program in the graphviz toolkit for generating visual layouts of undirected graphs
neomodel null
nelmio-alice an expressive fixtures generator
nagiosxi a server and network monitoring software which is enterprises version of Nagios Core.
historian a type of licensed software provided by GE and Wonderware
ihttpasynchandler IHttpAsyncHandler interface allows you to serve content asynchronously from the HTTP handler
ibtool ib tool compiles, prints, updates, and verifies documents.
inetd null
gmagick a php extension to create, modify and obtain meta information of images using the GraphicsMagick API.
grape-entity grape-entity - Entities - a simple Facade to use with your models and API - extracted from Grape
eventvalidation null
event-capturing null
dumpsys a tool that runs on the device and dumps interesting information about the status of system services.
drawingvisual a visual object that can be used to render vector graphics on the screen
elasticsearch-model null
facebook-app-center null
filecompare null
freezable A WPF class which defines an object that has a modifiable state and a read-only state
freetexttable Is a function used in the FROM clause of a Transact-SQL SELECT statement to perform a SQL Server full-text search on full-text indexed columns containing character-based data types.
gcm-network-manager null
shred Shredding refers to the decomposition of XML data structures into the columns of a relational database
aws-sdk-ruby null
aws-sts a web service that lets you grant a trusted user temporary, limited-privilege credentials to access your Amazon Web Services resources.
sonarlint-vs an extension that provides on-the-fly feedback to developers on new bugs and quality issues injected into their code.
libnotify null
mdbtools Read Microsoft's Access databases on *nix
ltrace a library call tracer
php-ffmpeg an object oriented library to convert video/audio files with FFmpeg/AVconv.
phppowerpoint a library written in pure PHP that provides methods to create/write presentation and slide show formats .
inline-svg Tag to be used for question regarding inline use of scalable vector graphic images.
ext-direct null
extentreports an open-source reporting API for Java and .NET
collaborative null
play-authenticate Play! Authenticate an extensible authentication plugin for Play! Framework 2
pixelate when the image is expected to become pixelated, like occurs when forcing large or low resolution, purposely for special effects.
ogc an international standards organization for Geographic Information Systems software, services and data.
guard-clause In function definitions by clauses with pattern matching, guards are Boolean expressions which augment pattern matching with the possibility to skip a pattern even if an argument structure matches the…
iana null
bpython a fancy interface to the Python interpreter for Unix-like operating systems.
webob Any questions regarding WebOb and its usage in Python WSGI applications.
secure-random a Java class that provides a cryptographically strong random number generator .
numpad the small, palm-sized, seventeen key section of a computer keyboard.
jquery-2.0 a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library
jquery-dropkick a jQuery plugin for creating drop-down menus.
springjunit4classrunner null
uniobjects UniObjects refers to a family of database access API's from Rocket Software, enabling the .NET or Java developer native access to UniVerse and UniData data and functionality from within their IDE of c…
system.type null
dav null
scalapack a library of high-performance linear algebra routines for parallel distributed memory machines
scala-meta For meta programming in Scala with the new scalameta project.
dependent-name a name that depends on a template argument
dnssec The Domain Name System Security Extensions is a suite of specifications for securing certain kinds of information provided by the Domain Name System .
design-time-data null
git-annex git-annex allows managing files with git, without checking the file contents into git
misspelling null
minimatch The de-facto file matching library used internally by node/npm and many node-based projects.
beatsmusic Developer API for accessing the Beats Music platform
gwt-tablayoutpanel The GWT TabLayoutPanel component
anonymous-delegates null
ant-colony Ant colony optimization algorithms describe probabilistic techniques for solving computational problems by modeling the behavior of ants following one another's pheromone trails.
tukey null
ts-node Short for TypeScript Node
theano.scan Allows for looping in theano python library
jcodemodel a Java library for code generators
webcal an unofficial Uniform Resource Identifier scheme for accessing iCalendar files.
sitebricks A fast, light platform for web development.
sip-servlet a Java programming language server-side component defined as part of the Java Specification Request 359
object-identity referring to the same object.
sw-toolbox null
errorplacement null
xmldiff null
xml-builder null
xmlcatalog a file aimed at mapping the information in an XML external identifier into a URI reference for the desired resource.
drupal-field-collection a Drupal module that provides a field-collection field to which any number of fields can be attached.
nsnetservicebrowser null
default-copy-constructor null
checker-framework a library that enhances Java’s type system in order to detect and prevent errors in Java programs.
chimp.js null
mit-kerberos null
onrender Execute custom JavaScript code after rendering
ontime null
openalpr Automatic License Plate Recognition library
wps a standard from the Open Geospatial Consortium that describes the input, output and execution of processes.
jquery-ui-progressbar jQuery UI's Progressbar widget displays the current status of a determinate or indeterminate process .
rvmrc the configuration file of Ruby Version Manager that is parsed and applied when RVM initializes.
active-pattern a technique in F# programming language which enable you to define named partitions that subdivide input data, so that you can use these names in a pattern matching expression just as…
perspectives null
application-name null
ospf a link state routing protocol for interior routing within single autonomous system .
result-of a C++11 metafunction that provides the result of calling a function type with a given set of argument types.
angularjs-google-maps Google Maps V3 Directive for AngularJS
viewdidlayoutsubviews null
redigo a Go client for the Redis database
pdfobject an easy-to-use method for dynamically embedding PDF ﬁles into HTML documents
typebuilder generated new types at run time, rather than compile time.
goinstant a JavaScript API for adding realtime, collaborative experiences into any mobile or web application.
papertrail-app Papertrail provides frustration-free log management as a cloud-hosted service.
audioeffect Anything related to audio effects, i.e
params-keyword a C# keyword that allows a variable number of parameters in function calls.
ngmocke2e an AngularJS module which contains mocks suitable for end-to-end testing.
hreflang The hreflang attribute specifies the language of an HTML document.
fatfs a generic FAT file system module for small embedded systems.
qfilesystemwatcher a class from the Qt toolkit which provides an interface for monitoring files and directories for modifications.
traversable In Haskell, class of data structures that can be traversed from left to right, performing an action on each element
htonl null
intersystems-ensemble an enterprise application integration system developed by InterSystems in Cambridge, MA.
qt5.9 only for questions specific to Qt 5.9 and not relevant to other versions.
qtgstreamer Questions related to QtGStreamer, which provides C++ bindings for GStreamer with a Qt-style API.
msvcr90.dll null
programdata null
common-test a powerful test framework that comes with Erlang/OTP
linearization Linearization refers to finding the linear approximation to a function at a given point
linear-discriminant null
xamarin.ios-binding null
discogs-api The API behind music marketplace Discogs
xaml-binding null
qsslsocket an SSL-encrypted network socket class, from the Qt library
distributed-filesystem Any file system that allows access to files from multiple hosts sharing via a computer network making it possible for multiple users on multiple machines to share files and storage resources.
rightfax null
ftp4j The ftp4j library implements a Java full-features FTP client
fsharpchart null
nestjs a progressive Node.JS framework for building efficient, scalable web applications
netldap null
multibyte-functions null
blitz++ a meta-template library for array manipulation in C++ with a speed comparable to Fortran implementations, while preserving an object-oriented interface.
code39 a variable length, discrete barcode symbology.
codecvt null
json-serialization null
jsr296 The Swing Application Framework is a Java specification for providing a simple framework for Swing applications.
jsxgraph a cross-browser library for interactive geometry, function plotting, charting, and data visualization in a web browser.
has-many-polymorphs null
xml-generation a markup language that defines a set of rules for encoding documents in a format that is both human-readable and machine-readable
xmlschemaset null
xtype null
teaspoon A JavaScript test runner for Rails
createtextnode used to create a new text node within the HTML/XML document.
credential-manager Credential Manager allows you to store credentials, such as user names and passwords that you use to log on to websites or other computers on a network.
statistical-test A statistical test provides a mechanism for making quantitative decisions about a process or processes.
release-builds null
register-globals an obsolete feature of PHP that loads request variables into the global namespace.
waitforexit null
feather a file format for storing data frames
nibble null
nhibernate-cascade null
fedora-commons Fedora defines a set of abstractions for expressing digital objects, asserting relationships among digital objects, and linking …
laterjs JavaScript library for defining schedules, then calculating future or previous schedule occurrences
pyjade Jade syntax adapter for Django, Jinja2 and Mako templates
document-class null
pyfftw A python wrapper for FFTW, a fast-fourier transform library.
pvs-studio a static analyzer that detects errors in source code of C/C++/C# applications.
pythonbrew a program to automate the building and installation of Python in the users $HOME.
prismatic-schema A Clojure library for declarative data description and validation.
openh264 Cisco has taken their H.264 implementation, and open sourced it under BSD license terms
oraclecommand An OracleCommand object represents a SQL command, a stored procedure, or a table name.
oracle-xml-db a native XML storage and retrieval technology that is delivered as a part of all versions of Oracle Database.
outlining A sketch depicting the outer edges of a person or object, without interior details or shading.
rpres The RStudio presentation authoring environment
risk-management the identification, categorization and planning centered around the threats and opportunities associated with any given scenario.
sdl-1.2 a cross-platform multimedia library, available under the GNU LGPL license
pythonista an integrated development environment for writing and executing Python scripts on iOS.
qmetaobject a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides meta-information about Qt objects.
qradiobutton The QRadioButton widget, part of the Qt framework, provides a radio button with a text label.
radmenu an ASP.NET based menu control by Telerik that provides many advanced functions.
resource-scheduling null
resolution-independence null
rendering-engine null
remote-host null
redux-promise null
windows-ribbon-framework a rich command presentation system that provides a modern alternative to the layered menus, toolbars, and task panes of traditional Windows applications
video-compression null
variable-subsitution null
vlc-android null
virtual-printer Software printer device which converts print data into a PostScript, PDF or some another output file
wallaby.js a continuous test runner for JavaScript/TypeScript/CoffeeScript that plugs into multiple code editors
voxels A voxel represents a value on a regular grid in three-dimensional space
voldemort a distributed key-value storage system used by LinkedIn
time-estimation null
tlistbox a VCL control that displays a collection of items in a scrollable list
uinput a user level input subsystem
ucos a low-cost priority-based pre-emptive real-time multitasking operating system kernel for microprocessors, written mainly in the C programming language
unbounded-wildcard the type argument type which was once present.
unbuffered indicates data that is not in full temporarily stored in memory, but processed directly after reception
unificationengine an intelligent IoT Messaging platform which enables products and software to communicate with people and things
user-activity null
string-view a C++ class template that is a non-owning reference to a string.
svn-server CSC has commissioned a Subversion server which enables all users to maintain their own svn repositories and give fine grained access rights to other collaborators and students.
templates-deduction null
system.addin null
tarsosdsp a Java library for audio processing
tcpreplay A suite of tools to edit and replay captured network traffic
sql-server-job a task that can be executed by the SQL Server Agent
stamp null
spark-notebook a web application enabling interactive and reproductible data analysis using Apache Spark from the browser
spotlight-dbpedia null
sitecore-analytics null
solace-mq MQ-style messaging uses queues to make sure messages are always delivered, once and only once, in the same order they were sent.
skeffectnode An SKEffectNode object applies a Core Image filter to its rendered output, allowing you to incorporate sophisticated special effects in a scene
sitecore-speak-ui Sitecore SPEAK is a technology for building web applications in Sitecore.
sql-session-state null
tasklet null
taskdialog null
table-rename an option in SQL used to rename tables
unexpected-token null
u2netdk the short name for U2 Toolkit for .NET
uhd the open source USRP Hardware Driver offered by Ettus for their series of Software Defined Radio devices.
tightly-coupled-code null
truclient a browser-based testing technology for performance, load and automation developped by HP.
visifire a set of data visualization controls
vb5 Microsoft released Visual Basic version 5.0 exclusively for 32-bit versions of Windows.
wonderware a brand of industrial software sold by Schneider Electric.
windsor-3.0 a major release of the Castle-Windsor framework.
webformsmvp an open-source framework which supports the Model-View-Presenter pattern on traditional WebForm-based ASP.NET Web applications.
webservicetemplate null
webconfigurationmanager null
web-farm-framework the name of the framework for IIS 7 for web server clustering
reflect-metadata null
resolutions null
respect-validation null
reroute null
rapidshare a hosting service with a simplified interface.
rationale null
qualified-name A name that includes the full path of the containing class, eg java.util.ArrayList
select-n-plus-1 for the ORM problem known as select N+1 queries.
series-40 an embedded software platform that is used on Nokia's mid-tier smartphones
serenity-js Questions about the Serenity/JS acceptance testing library, as well as the JavaScript and TypeScript implementation of the Screenplay Pattern.
rowlex a .NET library and toolkit built to create and browse RDF documents easily.
ruby-prof null
samsung-touchwiz Front-end touch interface which provides rich UI functionality on Samsung smartphones
sandbox-solution null
sangria Sangria - Scala GraphQL implementation
sanic a fast asynchronous Python 3.5+ web server
sap-smp SAP Mobile Platform , Formerly Sybase Unwired Platform
outer-classes null
pari-gp Questions about the computer algebra system PARI/GP, including questions about the GP scripting language and the gp interactive shell
perforce-stream a in Perforce
oracledb-npm null
opendatabase a javascript/html5 function that allows for client local database storage
onlyoffice null
ocaml-core an industrial-strength alternative to the OCaml standard library
octokit.net a client library targeting .NET 4.5 and above that provides an easy way to interact with the GitHub API.
python-install To be used for any installation queries regarding python and its associated packages.
pscmdlet Serves as a base class for derived commandlets that depend on access to the Windows PowerShell runtime, and therefore execute within a runspace.
phantom-reference A Phantom Reference refers to a reference type of objects in java
pintos a simple instructional operating system framework for the 80x86 architecture
picocontainer a highly embeddable, full-service, Inversion of Control container for components honor the Dependency Injection pattern
plugman Apache Plugman Cordova
last-occurrence the first occurrence starting backwards
amazon-quicksight a business analytics service to build visualizations, perform ad hoc analysis, and get business insights from data
amazon-redshift-spectrum Using Amazon Redshift Spectrum, you can query and retrieve structured and semistructured data from files in Amazon S3 without having to load the data into Amazon Redshift tables
amazon-machine-learning Amazon Machine Learning adds predictive abilities to application such as fraud detection, demand forecasting, targeted marketing, and click prediction
feasibility Capable of being done, effected, or accomplished.
nextpeer nextpeer - Multiplayer Mobile Gaming SDK and Network server
dask-delayed null
clique-problem In computer science, the clique problem refers to any of the problems related to finding particular complete subgraphs in a graph, i.e., sets of elements where each pair of elements is con…
cljsbuild Leiningen plugin to make ClojureScript development easy.
xmlsocket null
haskell-turtle a reimplementation of the Unix command line environment in Haskell so that you can use Haskell as both a shell and a scripting language.
yii2-rbac Role-Based Access Control provides a simple yet powerful centralized access control.
ytplayer Youtube Player code.google.com/p/ytplayer/
jsr75 Java ME API - PDA Optional Packages for file connection and PIM
jstree-dnd A plugin for the popular jQuery plugin jsTree
zend-locale null
zurb-foundation-apps the foundation version for App, build on Angular Js : http://foundation.zurb.com/apps/
django-multilingual null
django-oauth Django OAuth Toolkit can help you providing out of the box all the endpoints, data and logic needed to add OAuth2 capabilities to your Django projects
angular2-upgrade null
properties.settings null
ftpwebresponse A .NET Framework class, representing a response from FTP server, used by FtpWebRequest
f-string Literal string interpolation in Python
fslex a F# variant of lex, a program that generates lexical analyzers
rfc5766turnserver about
rhodecode a source code management software for enterprises which supports Git, Mercurial & Subversion
xbox-live Xbox Live unites gamers with friends, leaderboards, interactive streaming, and more
xamarin-android-player an Android emulator from Xamarin
xacml2 XACML 2.0 refers to the 2.0 specification of the eXtensible Access Control Markup Language , ratified by the OASIS standards group in February 2005.
verbatim-string C# supports two forms of string literals: regular string literals and verbatim string literals
qt-necessitas the codename for the port of Qt on the Android Operating System and of the user-friendly Qt Creator Integration with Android.
invokescript null
pure-layout The ultimate API for iOS & OS X Auto Layout — impressively simple, immensely powerful
text-comparison null
rainmeter a desktop customization tool for Windows XP, Vista, 7, 8.
qframe a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides the base class for widgets that can have a frame.
pyv8 Python wrapper for Google's V8 JavaScript engine
corflags part of Miscrosoft's .NET Framework that allows users to view and configure the CorFlags section of an assembly header, which includes information about 32-bit and 64-b…
ngonchanges Respond when Angular sets data-bound input properties
atomicreference null
servicepacks null
pandora An internet radio player based on the Music Genome Project, leveraging Flash and HTML5.
paramarray null
log-likelihood null
gpt an ad tagging library with which you can dynamically build ad requests.
pdf2swf PDF to SWF Converter
semantic-logging Designed to provide to .NET developers a strongly-typed logging approach, making it easier to consume logging information, especially when there is a large volume of log data to be analyzed…
typed-factory-facility A facility for the Castle Windsor IOC framework that simplifies abstract factory implementations.
typescript2.4 Used for questions that relate to features or technical changes introduced in TypeScript 2.4
pechkin a .NET Wrapper for WkHtmlToPdf DLL, a library that uses the WebKit engine to convert HTML pages to PDF.
pdp XACML's Policy Decision Point
pep8-assembly Questions regarding the PEP/8 CPU used for instructional purposes by the iTunes U course
markermanager A Google Maps tool
marc an acronym, used in the field of library science, that stands for MAchine-Readable Cataloging
osx-tiger the code-name of MacOS X 10.4, the fifth release of Apple's operating system for Macintosh computers.
persistent-data null
go-to-definition null
jquery-ui-layout a plugin for jQuery UI that helps to layout HTML elements in border layouts and adds functionality to resize, close and hide each panel of the layout.
jquery-trigger JQuery Method that Triggers all events bound to the selected elements
wptoolkit The Windows Phone Toolkit provides application components and functionality on Windows Phone app development.
wpf-positioning WPF Positioning deals with placement of elements within a WPF application.
pynotify null
rdb a database offering from Oracle for OpenVMS systems
react-big-calendar null
workload null
stretched null
chez-scheme null
arm9 32-bit RISC CPU family based on ARMv5 architecture
erlangweb an MVC web framework written in Erlang.
zenoss an open-source application, server, and network management platform that allows system administrators to monitor availability, inventory/configuration, performance, and events over a web int…
symfony-flex a Composer plugin that helps developers install and manage Symfony applications, from the most simple micro-style projects to the more complex ones with dozens of dependencies
es2015 where the question specifically relates to new features, technical changes, code updates in ECMAScript 2015.
esri-maps null
objectstatemanager null
hierarchical-trees null
web-bluetooth The experimental W3C Web Bluetooth API allows websites to communicate with Bluetooth LE devices over the GATT protocol.
weak-typing null
wearables null
jcop a smart card operating system for the Java Card platform.
thread-state Thread state describes state of thread in given time.
anime.js a lightweight JavaScript animation library
gwt-highcharts a freely available open source library that provides an elegant and feature complete approach for including Highcharts and Highstock visualizations within a GWT application using pur…
beansbinding Process of binding the GUI interface component with the data source component so that the data is automatically kept synchronized when changes are made both on the GUI and on…
mirth-connect to ask about usage of Mirth Connect, the open source interface engine.
imagemagick.net a .NET wrapper for image manipulation software ImageMagick.
imageprocessor a collection of lightweight libraries written in C# that allows you to manipulate images on-the-fly using .NET 4.5+
gfs GFS can mean either Google File System, or which is a cluster file system available in Linux.
dmx512 a standard for digital communication networks that are commonly used to control stage lighting and effects
c-standard-library the standard library for the C programming language, as specified in the ANSI C standard
vsql a Vertica front-end client utility for Unix-based systems that provides meta-commands and various shell-like features that facilitate writing scripts and automating a variety of tasks related …
facebook-graph-api-v2.3 now available to use, adding new login permissions, a new debug mode for developers and updates to Real-time Updates
dbmail an open-source project that enables storage of mail messages in a relational database
vsdoc null
nsbox The NSBox class implements simple views that can title themselves and draw a border around their content
controltemplates null
union-types a tag to discuss the Union Type feature as seen in languages such as TypeScript, Ceylon or F#.
scala-string equipped with operations provided by immutable sequences, available via implicit conversions onto WrappedString and StringOps.
mainbundle null
scribble a domain specific language used for documentation in the Racket eco-system.
script-debugging null
fragment-transitions null
webmachine an Erlang framework for creating RESTful Web Services using Erlang/OTP best practices.
brokeredmessage Windows Azure class which models the messages exchanged by applications that communicate through queues and topics.
mouseleftbuttondown null
mozrepl MozRepl lets you program Firefox and other Mozilla-based applications from the inside using a telnet client.
consuming null
sse4 Intel's Streaming SIMD Extensions 4 instruction set for x86 processors.
ss7 a family of protocols used for signaling in most public telephone networks.
ssa a property of a compiler's intermediate representation for optimization and static analysis.
console.readkey null
xpathquery null
xop XML-binary Optimized Packaging - convention for serialization of XML Infosets.
timepickerdialog null
timeslots null
android-gpuimageview null
office-store a location where developers can publish the Office add-ins they've built to everyone
collection-initializer a syntactic sugar for compact declaration of collection objects with items.
express.io A real-time javascript web framework for node.js built atop of express.js & socket.io
topbraid-composer a semantic web modeling tool for RDF/OWL graphs and SPARQL queries.
class-eval null
php-shorttags PHP short open tag which was disabled by default ini configuration since PHP 5.3.0.
phpflickr a PHP class designed to wrap and ease the usage of the API of the photo sharing site Flickr.
gentelella a free to use Bootstrap admin template based on Bootstrap 3.
l-systems a way of representing growth processes, most commonly associated with plant development and fractals.
durability null
libdispatch The libdispatch project consists of the user space implementation of the Grand Central Dispatch API.
sonarqube-5.4 the SonarQube 5.4.x specific tag
double-byte null
incredibuild a suite of grid computing software developed by Xoreax Ltd.
in-class-initialization null
gdata-python-client null
gcsfuse null
future-proof null
flowgear an integration platform as a service
format-patch generate patches with git to be applied manually later on
fiware-wilma null
edt A line/screen editor, found on vax/vms systems
drb a distributed object system for Ruby.
draft-js-plugins null
episerver-6-r2 null
epydoc a tool for generating API documentation for Python modules, based on their docstrings.
emacs-semantic a suite of Emacs libraries and utilities for parsing source code.
elpy an Emacs package to bring powerful Python editing to Emacs
enforcement null
grandchild a child's child.
grommet used to mark questions related to grommet framework http://grommet.github.io/
gradle-kotlin-dsl Kotlin language support for Gradle build scripts.
google-roads-api The Google Maps Roads API identifies the roads a vehicle was traveling along and provides additional metadata about those roads, such as speed limits.
hammingweight the count of one bits in its binary representation.
gml-geographic-markup-lan Geographic markup language, commonly known as GML, is a dialect of XML used to encode geographic features , coverages , and sensor data and is also used as a common interchange form…
getrusage null
infinitest a continuous test runner for Java.
iced-coffeescript a superset of CoffeeScript.
iidentity In .NET, IIdentity interface defines basic functionality of an identity object
harvest Time tracking and billing tool
http-status-code-200 200 OK The request has succeeded.
http-status-code-407 The HTTP response status code 407 Proxy Authentication Required
http-status-code-307 307 Temporary Redirect -- HTTP status code introduced in HTTP 1.1
name-conflict null
named-routing null
oasis A tool to integrate a configure, build and install system in OCaml projects.
nyquist null
nt null
nswag a Swagger 2.0 API toolchain for .NET, TypeScript and other platforms, written in C#
nsinvocationoperation a concrete subclass of NSOperation that manages the execution of a single encapsulated task specified as an invocation.
ms-access-97 an older version of Microsoft's entry-level, SQL, database application platform.
mobilefirst-analytics null
mobile-ad-mediation the process is which a mobile ad platform delivers its inventory to a client application by utilizing a 3rd party service.
materialized-path-pattern null
mathematical-lattices a discrete subgroup of the n-dimensional Euclidean space R^n.
memory-order null
ionic-tabs null
jam a build system originally developed by Perforce software
jawr a tunable packaging solution for JavaScript and CSS which allows for rapid development of resources in separate module files
javax.persistence a Java application programming interface specification that describes the management of relational data in applications using Java Platform, Standard Edition and Java…
jaydebeapi A bridge from JDBC database drivers to Python DB-API.
jet-sql an SQL dialect used in Microsoft Access.
jffs2 a log-structured file system for use with flash memory devices
jtopen an open source version of the IBM Toolbox for Java for using IBM i system resources.
jugglingdb cross-db ORM for nodejs, providing common interface to access most popular database formats.
makemigrations the first step in the two step process to sync changes made to the Django model with the database.
makemaker null
m4v null
loading-image null
local-system-account null
linux-distro Unix-like operating systems consisting of the Linux kernel and a large collection of system software and applications such as word processors, spreadsheets, media players, and …
jwe JSON Web Encryption represents encrypted content using JSON-based data structures.
libz A library used for data compression
clingo Questions related to the clingo system of the potassco suite
citus a distributed database that lets you run SQL queries over very large data sets
clearcase-automation a COM component that provides access to ClearCase functionality from Automation compatible scripting languages and COM clients.
certificate-pinning null
character-entities null
pointcuts null
wice-grid A Rails grid plugin that allows the programmer to define the contents of a cell by himself, just like one does when rendering a collection via a simple table.
caemittercell available in OS X v10.6 and later, and represents one source of particles being emitted by a CAEmitterLayer object.
boolean-algebra Anything related to Boolean algebra and its application to computer programs
caspol null
cargo-maven2-plugin the Maven2 plugin for Cargo that allows you to interact with the most common J2EE servers.
call-hierarchy Call Hierarchy enables you to navigate through your code by displaying all calls to and from a selected method, property, or constructor
dev-mode null
dev-null a device file that discards all data written to it but reports that the write operation succeeded.
datascroller for questions related to dataScroller, a scroller for UIData components
database-theory null
delphi-ide Questions related to Delphi IDE application
cryptocurrency a digital currency in which encryption techniques are used to regulate the generation of units of currency and verify the transfer of funds
exception-notification The Exception Notification gem provides a set of notifiers for sending notifications when errors occur in a Rack/Rails application.
contacts-framework null
ejb-jar.xml described here
shallow-clone null
acts-as-paranoid A simple plugin which hides records instead of deleting them, being able to recover them.
avaudiofile null
avcaptureoutput null
appv Microsoft technology for virtualizing applications into services
angular-openlayers is a AngularJS directive for the OpenLayers JavaScript library
alpn Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation is a Transport Layer Security extension for application layer protocol negotiation.
quickstart null
p4merge Perforce visual merge tool, which allows users to visualize the differences between file versions.
packager null
roots-sage Wordpress starter theme using HTML5 boilerplate
validate-request null
vaadin6 the 6th version of Vaadin java web-framework.
digital-filter null
bump an API that allows developers to implement Bump services to their IOS or Android applications.
bundletransformer Bundle Transformer - a modular extension for System.Web.Optimization
bug-tracker null
password-confirmation null
suitesparse a suite of sparse matrix algorithms, including UMFPACK, CHOLMOD, SPQR, KLU, BTF, ordering methods , CSparse, CXSparse, UFget, spqr_rank, Factorize, SSMUL…
mercury-editor a full featured HTML5 editor
pass-by-name null
cfthread null
microsoft.build a Microsoft build platform typically used in conjunction with Visual Studio
microsoft-expression-web an HTML Editor and web design tool that runs on Windows PCs.
kaazing a WebSocket gateway with server- and client-side components for communicating over the Web using various protocols.
itemeditor null
itemspanel null
uservoice for questions about the UserVoice API.
diffmerge an three-way merge tool by SourceGear that allows to visually compare and merge files on Windows, OS X and Linux.
rootkit software that enables continued privileged access to a computer while actively hiding its presence from administrators by subverting standard operating system functionality or other appli…
galaxy-nexus a touchscreen Android smartphone developed by a partnership between Google and Samsung
package-private the default access-control modifier in Java
package-development null
customtool null
quotas null
cvblobslib null
cvc4 an efficient open-source automatic theorem prover for satisfiability modulo theories problems.
android-paint null
application.properties the configuration file to configure dynamic properties for the application
app-distribution null
avm2 the second iteration of the Actionscript Virtual Machine.
aurelia-fetch-client null
asp.net-mvc-futures The futures project contains features that the ASP.NET MVC team is considering for a future release of ASP.NET MVC
asset-sync null
ase The Android Scripting Environment allows you to edit and execute scripts and interactive interpreters directly on an Android device
adrotator null
amortization the process of decreasing, or accounting for, an amount over a period.
android-2.0-eclair For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 2.0 .
shared-data null
exception-specification null
csl CSL stands for Citation Style Language, <http://citationstyles.org/>.
cordova-media-plugin null
cray a supercomputer manufacturer based in Seattle, Washington
cpp-core-guidelines a collaborative effort led by Bjarne Stroustrup, much like the C++ language itself
deadlines null
ddl-trigger a special kind of trigger that fire in response to Data Definition Language statements
decodeuricomponent null
dagre a JavaScript library that makes it easy to lay out directed graphs on the client-side.
darknet null
datastax-php-driver null
datefilter null
datecreated null
direct3d10 null
directory-browsing null
dm null
doh a unit testing framework developed by the Dojo Toolkit Community.
calendarcontract null
bootstrap-file-upload File Upload widget with multiple file selection, drag&drop support, progress bar, validation and preview images, audio and video for jQuery
bootstrap-form-helper a collection of jQuery plugins targeting the Bootstrap front-end framework.
buster.js a collection of related node.js modules that can run browser and node-based JavaScript tests.
btdf BTDF - BizTalk Deployment Framework
boehm-gc A garbage collecting replacement for C's malloc using a mark/sweep algorithm.
bitrise a CI/CD Platform for mobile development
bisonc++ The program bisonc++ creates a C++ parser function and class.
whenever-capistrano null
coalescing null
cmis-workbench CMIS desktop client for developers.
chaos Anything related to chaotic systems or chaos theory
cfengine a configuration management tool that allows you to automate system configuration and administration.
check-digit a single digit computed from the other digits in the message
ceres-solver an open source C++ library for modeling and solving large, complicated optimization problems.
cen-xfs CEN/XFS, or XFS , provides an API for common financial device peripherals, such as those found on ATMs and EFTPOS devices.
clientip null
clickable-image null
clplacemark A CLPlacemark object stores placemark data for a given latitude and longitude
clp a programming paradigm that combines features of logic programming and constraint programming.
keyeventargs null
load-csv Tag for Neo4j questions related to the LOAD CSV command.
jquery-mobile-panel null
ionide An Atom Editor and Visual Studio Code package suite for cross platform F# development.
meta-method Anything related to Lua meta-methods , i.e
mb-convert-encoding null
mobile-center Visual Studio App Center is - a Microsoft service for developing and running mobile apps on iOS and Android utilizing Native code…
mkmapsnapshotter part of iOS 7 MapKit
mootools-events null
mootools-more the official plugin repository of the MooTools JavaScript Library
nslock used to coordinate the operation of multiple threads of execution within the same application
nsxmlelement Instances of the NSXMLElement class represent element nodes in an XML tree structure
nuodb a cloud-based distributed SQL server.
node.js-client null
nmf Non-negative matrix factorization , also non-negative matrix approximation is a group of algorithms in multivariate analysis and linear algebra where a matrix V is factorized into
non-standard-evaluation null
notorm a PHP library for data access based on PDO.
notification-listener null
name-attribute null
nachos Educational machine and OS simulator
n3 N3 stands for Notation 3, an assertion and logic language which is a superset of RDF.
multiple-apk null
html-formatting null
html5-apps basically built using Javascript,CSS3,HTML5, it also has Video and Audio Support, 2D/3D Graphics using SVG and Canvas, Local Storage,Local SQL Database, and Web Applications.
hashids a small open-source library that generates short, unique, non-sequential ids from numbers.
inference-engine null
instance-eval null
insertonsubmit null
git-gc used to perform housekeeping in a Git repository, run automatically by certain other Git operations, or manually.
gitlab-7 the GitLab 7.x specific tag
git-review a CLI tool for Git / Gerrit that facilitates communication with Gerrit Code Review when using command line.
gocql the golang driver for connecting to Cassandra.
google-buzz Google Buzz lets you share updates, photos, links, and pretty much anything else you'd like with your Gmail contacts; it's an easy way to follow your friends, too
hapi.js For questions related to Node.js web server framework hapi.
google-php-sdk null
googleplacesautocomplete null
grit A rubygem that allows OO access to git repositories.
event-based-programming a coding style which components born with high cohesion and communicate to each other by sending messages through Events and Delegates
evict to clear its contents to make space for new data
exploded null
dulwich a Python implementation of Git.
elementname Gets or sets the name of the element to use as the wpf binding source object.
ecryptfs eCryptfs is a POSIX-compliant encrypted filesystem that has been part of the mainline Linux Kernel since version 2.6.19
eclipse-rse Questions related to Eclipse's Remote System Explorer - a perspective and toolkit in Eclipse Workbench, that allows you to connect and work with a variety of remote systems
flare a library for creating data visualizations on the web
filestreams null
gecode a toolkit for developing constraint-based systems and applications
ims The IP Multimedia Subsystem or IP Multimedia Core Network Subsystem is an architectural framework for delivering IP multimedia services.
specular null
woff2 a web font packaging format
spin.js Spin.js dynamically creates spinning activity indicators that can be used as resolution-independent replacement for AJAX loading GIFs
dotspatial a geographic information system library written for .NET 4
dotnetnuke-8 Version 8 of the DotNetNuke open source CMS.
aws-xray AWS X-Ray allows developers to analyze the behavior of distributed applications by providing request tracing, exception collection, and profiling capabilities.
sound-recognition null
mean-square-error In statistics, the mean squared error of an estimator is one of many ways to quantify the difference between values implied by an estimator and the true values of the quantity being estimated.
luac the Lua compiler
total-commander The most popular two-pane file manager for Windows, this child of Norton Commander takes all Explorer functions to a new level, has plugins, PC-to-PC links, QuickView, handles almost any a…
php-imap null
expresso-store null
colorbrewer an online tool designed to help people select good color schemes for maps and other graphics.
smooth-streaming-player refers to applications of the Smooth Streaming Client SDK from Microsoft, which enables to build rich client experiences that take full advantage of both on-demand and live Smooth Streaming c…
android-sdk-1.6 For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 1.6.
external-url Anything related to external Uniform Resource Locators , i.e
xrdp An open source remote desktop protocol server
apache-stanbol Apache Stanbol provides a set of reusable components for semantic content management.
motion-blur the apparent streaking of rapidly moving objects in a still image or a sequence of images such as a movie or animation
sqlj an outdated ISO standard for embedding SQL instructions in Java programs.
prefixes null
hybridauthprovider null
premailer null
prezto the configuration framework for Zsh; it enriches the command line interface environment with sane defaults, aliases, functions, auto completion, and prompt themes.
flex-mojos A collection of maven plugins to allow for compiling, optimizing, and testing Flex based applications.
numpy-memmap An advanced numpy.memmap utility to avoid RAM-size limit and reduce final RAM-footprint
mail-queue null
idml IDML stands for InDesign Markup Language
multiselectlistpreference A Preference that displays a list of entries as a dialog
uibuttonbaritem a button specialized for placement on a UIToolbar or UINavigationBar object
uiculture a property used to determine the localized resource file from which page resources are loaded
java-interop null
java-mission-control an advanced set of tools that enables efficient and detailed analysis of the extensive of data collected by Java Flight Recorder
google-javascript-api null
system-identification null
vraptor an open source Java MVC framework focused in simplicity.
day-cq a web content management system based on CRX for the content repository and Apache Sling as a web framework.
facebook-workplace a collaborative platform run by Facebook, which may be used to communicate via groups, to chat with colleagues and offers the social networks features in a corporate environment.
facebook-live-api For questions related to Facebook's live API for viewing/streaming live videos and also creating stories based on them.
vsm null
anonymous-objects null
thingworx an IoT platform owned by PTC designed for contextualizing and analyzing data.
admin-sdk The Google Admin SDK allows developers to write applications to manage Google Apps domains, migrate from and integrate with existing IT infrastructure, create users, update settings, audit activity, a…
tuareg An Emacs mode to edit files written in the OCaml programming language.
openprocess null
mongodb-scala a scalable, high-performance, open source, document-oriented database
asana-connect a way you can connect an Asana account with any partner website or app using a trusted authentication method, OAuth.
artifactory-query-lang for questions regarding usage of the Artifactory Query Language .
array-walk A PHP function that walks an array and applies a provided function on the array elements.
zsh-zle Tag questions related to the zsh line editor, including prompts, zle widgets, and the `zle` and `bindkey` commands
drop-shadow null
xml-declaration a processing instruction that identifies the document as being XML
dedicated-hosting null
nsrunningapplication null
chessboard.js a standalone JavaScript Chess Board by Chris Oakman available under MIT license
child-theming null
streaming-flv-video null
oomph For questions about Eclipse Oomph which is an open source project related to the Eclipse IDE
jquery-textext designed to provide functionality such as tag input and autocomplete.
osx-high-sierra The fourteenth release of Apple's desktop and server operating system for Macintosh computers
mathlink an API provided by Wolfram that allows programs to expose functionality to Mathematica and/or utilize the power of Mathematica's kernel.
matlab-app-designer a graphical tool for creating MATLAB apps with an interactive GUI
pdf-writer null
android-cast-api null
typehead null
pdf-manipulation null
google-alerts Monitor the Web for interesting new content
google-api-v3 null
logical-purity the property of logic programs that are written only using Horn clauses.
aubio A tool designed for the extraction of annotations from audio signals
atompub a protocol for the exchange of Atom documents
candidate null
camping A light-weight web framework in Ruby
subactivity for questions related to a Subactivity, an Android activity that is initiated inside the parent activity.
question-answering the computer task of mechanically answering questions posed in natural language.
qtextcursor The QTextCursor class offers an API to access and modify QTextDocuments
displayfor HTML.DisplayFor was added in ASP.NET MVC 2 to improve upon HTML.Display, with the main difference being that DisplayFor will give compiletime errors and Display will give runtime errors.
programmers-notepad a Windows text editor designed for coders, supporting projects and extensibility through plug-ins and scripts .
process-control Process Control defines the boundaries within which a team works to deliver a quality product at an optimal pace.
proc-report A SAS procedure which combines features from PRINT, TABULATE and MEANS
multi-configuration A means of configuring a build such that different configuration options can be parameterized, rather than duplicating build steps, or having multiple builds
protostuff the stuff that leverages google's protobuf.
django-notification a pluggable django app for user notification management
django-mailer a pluggable django app for mail queuing and management
yuidoc a Node.js application that generates API documentation from comments in source, using a syntax similar to tools like Javadoc and Doxygen.
haslayout an IE/Win-specific element property which determines how the element is rendered by the browser
healthvault Microsoft HealthVault helps you gather, store, use, and share health information for you and your family
yargs for questions relating to the Yargs node.js library.
word-template null
backtrack-linux a Linux distribution based on the Debian
teamcity-9.1 null
registrar null
background-agent null
backbone-stickit a model-view binding plugin for backbone.
state-machine-workflow null
babel-node null
appauth Tag for the AppAuth library
apm APM generally refers to Application Performance Management
w3m a text-based web browser as well as a pager like `more' or `less'
feature-file In the SpecFlow BDD for .NET, feature files that are used to store the acceptance criteria of the features of your application are described in a format that is called Gherki…
laravel-scheduler a new feature in Laravel 5 designed to simplify tasks that need to be scheduled
sa the System Administrator account in Microsoft SQL Server.
pygithub a Python library implementing the GitHub API v3, to manage GitHub resources from Python scripts.
ptc-windchill A software solution from PTC that manages Product Lifecycle Management content and processes
ptree The Property Tree library provides a data structure that stores an arbitrarily deeply nested tree of values, indexed at each level by some key
pthreads-win32 pthreads-win32 provides an implementation of pthreads for Win32.
printqueue null
procdump a command line tool that can be used to capture a memory dump of an application when the application crashes, hangs or you can also use it to capture a memory dump for performance reasons.
pp null
primus Primus provides a common low level interface to communicate in real-time using various of real-time frameworks available for Node.js.
online-store null
onnewintent protected method in android.app.Activity class
oracle-sql-data-modeler a free graphical tool that enhances productivity and simplifies data modeling tasks.
partial-view null
parseui a collection of user interface components which can be used with the Parse iOS SDK or the Parse Android SDK.
server-farm null
query-planner a subsystem of a SQL database system, that creates the execution plan for a SQL query.
quazip a simple `C++` wrapper over Gilles Vollant's ZIP/UNZIP package that can be used to access ZIP archives
pythonmagick a Python library that provides object oriented bindings for the ImageMagick Library.
read-uncommitted null
ringtonemanager null
rfacebook for question about using rfacebook - R package to access Facebook's API
refit a library heavily inspired by Square's Retrofit library, and it turns your REST API into a live interface.
rename-item-cmdlet Rename an item using rename-item powershell cmdlet
reduce-reduce-conflict null
wordpress-3.5 For questions related to Wordpress 3.5-specific development - Features that were added in 3.5, such as the new uploaded, High-density display support, etc.
window-position null
wincvs null
vp9 null
warehouse a system used for reporting and data analysis, which integrates data from one or more disparate sources into a central repository of data used for trending and reporting.
tomcat-jdbc about tomcat and jdbc working together.
uint8array null
tycho-surefire-plugin able to execute Eclipse RCP test bundles within an OSGi environment.
ucontext The <ucontext.h> header defines mcontext_t and the associated functions getcontet, setcontext, swapcontext etc
unfuddle Commercial project hosting provider http://unfuddle.com.
user-acceptance-testing a process to obtain confirmation that a system meets mutually agreed-upon requirements
tbitmap null
syndicationfeed null
swagger-maven-plugin A maven build plugin which allows Swagger JSON and API documents generation.
swift3.1 null
string-utils null
spsite Represents a collection of sites in a Web application, including a top-level Web site and all its subsites.
spreadsheetlight an open source Open XML spreadsheet library for .NET Framework written in C#, and is released under the MIT License.
sitecore-rocks a Visual Studio plug-in with massive functionality designed to maximize developer productivity for building Sitecore based sites.
smart-mobile-studio a RAD tool for programming web client applications in an Object Pascal Dialect.
sizetocontent null
software-update A new version of a software for any computer program
spaceship-operator often referred to as the spaceship operator
sql-server-administration null
stripchart null
structlayout null
stm32f7 ARM Cortex-M7 based 32 bit MCU family from ST-Microelectronics
stm32f0 entry-level ARM Cortex-MO MCUs from ST Microelectronics.
system-tables null
tcomport an opensource Delphi/C++ Builder serial communications components
tablefilter null
tarjans-algorithm a linear-time algorithm for finding all strongly-connected components of a directed graph.
target-sdk An integer designating the API Level that the application targets
tfilestream null
usercake a simple and secure user management system written in PHP.
tomcat9 Version 9.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
touch-up-inside null
tobjectlist Delphi class for a list of objects
trusted-computing a technology to enhance security of computer systems
tradeoff null
wildfly-11 an application server developed by Red Hat
referrer-spam null
requires null
render-to-response a Django shortcut function that renders a given template with a given context dictionary and returns an HttpResponse object with that rendered text.
rastervis an R package providing functions and methods to visualize the raster data.
quartile the values that divide a list of numbers into quarters
selectivizr a JavaScript utility that emulates CSS3 pseudo-classes and attribute selectors in Internet Explorer 6-8
seam-conversation null
sas-dis SAS DI Studio, or SAS Data Integration Studio, is a SAS tool for performing ETL and other tasks integrating multiple different types of data alongs…
scaldi Lightweight Scala Dependency Injection Library
run-app null
roweditor tools used for editing a row in a grid.
roxy-fileman free open source file browser for .NET and PHP, ready for use with CKEditor and TinyMCE WYSIWYG html editors.
rmongo a R package which lets you query MongoDB databases.
robohelp a help authoring tool created by eHelp Corporation , acquired by Macromedia, which itself was then acquired by Adobe Systems.
parsing-error null
parse-framework null
paypal-pdt null
pcfdev a small footprint distribution of Pivotal Cloud Foundry intended to be run locally on a developer machine
output-caching null
openid4java null
oneupuploaderbundle OneupUploaderBundle - Symfony2 bundle handling the backend part of various javascripts uploaders
pppoe Point-to-Point Protocol over Ethernet is a transport protocol used to bridge Ethernet packets over the telephone network for DSL lines.
programming-pearls unique problems or solutions that might puzzle a programmer, they have grown from real problems that have irritated real programmers, just as natural pearls grow from grains of …
prism.js Syntax Highlighter -- refactored / extended, based on Dabblet
python-descriptors a way to create managed attributes
pvcs a collection of tools that provide integrated version control, bug tracking, and configuration management for software projects.
pljson a generic JSON object written in PL/SQL.
pngcrush PNG file optimizer utility to improve data compression and optionally to remove unwanted data chunks, and to list the chunks in the file.
pick an alternate name for all MultiValue DBMS platforms
safari-content-blocker should be used with questions about the safari-content-blocker extension .
laravel-testing for question about Laravel testing
large-scale null
ning a platform for creating social websites
angular-scenario A specific test case or condition for AngularJS.
reader-monad null
azure-tablequery null
nextval null
entrypointnotfoundexcept null
enterprise-web-library an extremely opinionated library for web applications that trades off performance, scalability, and development flexibility for an ease of maintenance you won't fin…
clojureclr An implementation of the Clojure language that runs on the Common Language Runtime
tearing An issue with operations on 64 bit value not being atomic on 32 bit machines
xxe XML External Entity
xdist a plugin that allows parallel and distributed execution of unittests.
zumero A cross-platform library and server synchronizing SQL Server databases with SQLite databases on Android/iOS/Xamarin/PhoneGap/Windows/Mac/Linux
jstilemap null
jstorage a cross-browser key-value store database to store data locally in the browser - jStorage supports all major browsers, both in desktop and in mobile.
jsr168 the Java Portlet 1.0 specification.
django-hvad django-hvad provides a high level API to maintain multilingual content in your database using the Django ORM.
django-redis null
codeanywhere a cross-platform, cloud-based IDE
protocolexception null
nested-transactions null
fuelphp-orm an Object Relational Mapper for the FuelPHP framework modeled after the Active Record Pattern.
processwire a free, open source CMS and CMF written in PHP 5.
commutativity null
msvcr100.dll C++ Redistribution Package 2010
data-quality-services a new feature first deployed with SQL Server Code named Denali for automating data clensing tasks
queueuserworkitem null
public-folders null
coremltools Apple's framework for integrating trained machine learning models into applications
canonical-quickly a rapid application development toolkit by Canonical, Ltd
cost-management null
fastsearch designed the search engine Fast Search for SharePoint
windowsdomainaccount an account in Windows domain, which includes accounts of users, computers , printers and other security principals registered with a central database
windows-mobile-gps null
parallel-builds Parallel building harnesses the advantages of multi-core processors to speed up compilation and building, by compiling several files in parallel.
servicepointmanager null
logback-classic null
log-files null
firefox3.5 Version 3.5 of the Mozilla Firefox browser, which was released on 30 June 2009.
type-annotation released with Java SE 8 release.
uriencoding null
sencha-touch-theming Sencha Touch has introduced a revolutionary new theming system, built on SASS and Compass.
vincent Vincent allows you to build Vega specifications in a Pythonic way, and performs type-checking to help ensure that your specifications are correct
pedometer null
mathtype a powerful interactive equation editor for Windows and Macintosh that lets you create mathematical notation for word processing, web pages, desktop publishing, presentations, elearning, an…
matlab-hg2 Handle Graphics 2nd generation
matter.js a 2D physics engine for the web
fold-expression null
flycapture FlyCapture SDK from Point Grey
jnaerator A tool in order to easily call C/C++/Obj-C native libraries into java.
orientdb-etl The Extractor Transformer and Loader, or ETL, module for OrientDB provides support for moving data to and from OrientDB databases using ETL processes.
gosu an imperative statically-typed object-oriented programming language for the Java Virtual Machine that is designed to be expressive, easy-to-read, and reasonably fast
active-objects null
google-voice-search a Google product that allows users to use Google Search by speaking on a mobile phone or computer.
rdfstore a database specifically designed for storing RDF data, often to support SPARQL querying.
boost-smart-ptr null
nsstoryboard A storyboard encapsulates the design-time view controller and window controller graph represented in an Interface Builder storyboard resource file
arrange-act-assert A pattern for structuring a unit test.
erlide an Erlang IDE based on Eclipse.
zones null
artemis a high performance Entity System framework for games, written in Java, and is a framework to manage entities in a game world.
zerorpc a light-weight, reliable and language-agnostic library for distributed communication between server-side processes
eruby a templating system that embeds Ruby into a text document
symfony-plugins for question related to the creation and usage of plugins for the Symfony PHP Framework.
responsibility null
swt-awt SWT-AWT refers to the bridge that makes mixing SWT and SWING/AWT graphical components in a single application possible
swirl An R package that provides an interactive learning environment in the R console.
mongodb-oplog For questions related to MongoDB's oplog.
sips sips is used to query or modify raster image files and ColorSync ICC profiles
ttnavigator null
wcsf The Microsoft Web Client Software Factory is a framework that allows creating ASP.NET applications as a set of loosely-coupled modules
ansible-galaxy for questions regarding Ansible Galaxy and the `ansible-galaxy` command-line tool
annyang a tiny javascript library that lets your visitors control your site with voice commands.
live-video null
fileopenpicker Represents a UI element that lets the user choose and open files.
filenet-process-engine null
ghost4j a Java wrapper for the Ghostscript API.
ghc-api null
image-preprocessing null
imageshack a popular image hosting site, providing free image hosting and image uploading tools.
automationelement A class within System.Windows.Automation; represents a UI Automation element in the UI Automation tree, and contains values used as identifiers by UI Automation client applications.
system.windows.media null
jquery-focusout A jQuery method which allows you to bind an event handler to the JavaScript event.
spring-oxm null
javapackager compile, package, sign, and deploy Java and JavaFX applications from the command line
java-binding Java Bindings describes a technique for loading and using .jar libraries within other languages/environments like C# and Mono
unity-editor null
uicollisionbehavior A collision behavior confers, to a specified array of dynamic items, the ability of those items to engage in collisions with each other and with the behavior’s specified boundaries
magento-1.9.2.4 questions related to Magento 1.9.2.4 version of PHP eCommerce software and platform
multitrigger null
scoreloop Scoreloop SDK provides set of cross-platform social features that developers may integrate into games to provide greater value to the end users such as in-game leaderboards, achievements, and player c…
flask-bootstrap null
flask-assets an extension for Flask, it helps with easy integration of webassets into a Flask app
flask-uploads Flask-Uploads allows your application to flexibly and efficiently handle file uploading and serving the uploaded files
flask-oauthlib null
scriptcontrol null
scriptbundle a new feature in ASP.NET 4.5 that makes it easy to combine or bundle multiple files into a single file
brewmp an application framework for mobile phones, built upon the Brew framework
boxsizer a type of sizer that is used in GUIs to align and position elements inside a container, so that elements will most often be laid out in rather simple basic geometry, typically in a row or …
webmatrix-3 a free, lightweight, cloud-connected web development tool from Microsoft.
fr3dldapbundle a Symfony2 bundle that provides authentication support against Ldap Directories.
security-warning null
secure-crt SecureCRT for Windows, Mac, and Linux provides terminal emulation for computing professionals
hyperref null
connector-net the open source ADO.NET provider supported by Oracle for MySql databases.
xslkey null
xpce SWI-Prolog's native GUI library
officer an R package for manipulating Word and PowerPoint documents.
platform-agnostic null
pkcs11interop managed .NET wrapper for unmanaged PKCS#11 libraries that provide access to the cryptographic hardware
mod-auth-openidc an authentication/authorization module for the Apache 2.x HTTP server that authenticates users against an OpenID Connect Provider
gtm-oauth2 null
gud The GUD library provides an Emacs interface to a wide variety of symbolic debuggers
slickedit a non-free software for developers with multi-language development tools
slamdata an open source project that lets you run SQL queries on MongoDB.
skype4java a wrapper library of Skype API for Java developers.
assembly.load null
android-style-tabhost null
extaudiofile null
externalizable null
external-display a graphical device such as a CRT monitor, flat panel display, TV or projector, which is not built-in to the desktop computer, laptop or tablet device.
phped the Integrated Development Environment for PHP , HTML, CSS, XML, SMARTY, XHTML and other.
tosca Ask questions on how to automate your software with the Tosca Test Testsuite
ckasset a class of the CloudKit Framework
topendialog a non visual VCL component wrapping a file-selection dialog
lucene-highlighter null
lumen-5.4 a micro-framework built on top of Laravel's Illuminate components
gitx a GUI git tool made for Mac OS X.
visual-studio-shell used to create custom tool having an integrated development environment similar to VS.
visual-studio-package part of the Visual Studio eXtensibility framework that allow developers to develop software modules to extend the Visual Studio IDE
mdbg a .NET Framework Command-Line Debugger for managed code.
libmosquitto MQTT client library maintained by Eclipse IoT project
global.asa a file that can contain global variables and settings, accessible throughout all of the ASP scripts in an ASP application.
continuous-fourier for questions about computation of exact continuous-time Fourier transform
control-language an IBM i programming language that talks directly to the server's operating system .
medium.com a blog-publishing platform
mediafire on questions related to MediaFire APIs
withings a company that makes hardware and software to track body metrics and health statistics
mysql-error-2003 MySQL Error 2003 : Can't connect to MySQL server on the specified ip address.
mysql-error-1052 ambiguous"
gedcom GEDCOM, an acronym for GEnealogical Data COMmunication.
geektool an application for Mac OS 10.6+
freedesktop.org null
flotr2 Graphs and Charts library for Canvas in JavaScript.
fluent-security Fluent Security configuration for ASP.NET MVC
fable-f# A cross compiler from F# to JavaScript
eclipse-sirius a tool for developing graphical modeling workbenches using Eclipse tools such as EMF and GMF.
eda event-driven architecture
edgejs The Edge.js project enables you to run Node.js and .NET code in one process
econnrefused null
elasticsearch-shield the security layer in Elasticsearch
dtcoretext an open source library that aims to duplicate the methods present on Mac OSX which allow for the creation of an NSAttributedString from HTML code on iOS.
drbd null
dryscrape null
engine.io the implementation of transport-based cross-browser/cross-device bi-directional communication layer for Socket.IO
groovyws GroovyWS was a library for creating and consuming WS-I compliant web services.
google-search-platform for questions about App Indexing, Google Voice Actions, Google Now and Structured Data markup.
guptateamdeveloper a 4GL developing language maintained by Gupta Technologies
gumby-framework Create rapid and logical page layout and app prototypes with Gumby Framework, a flexible, responsive CSS framework, powered by Sass
gnumeric a spreadsheet program that is part of the GNOME Free Software Desktop Project.
gen-class gen-class automatically generates Java classes from Clojure code.
input-split null
image-stabilization Anything related to image stabilization and correlated techniques, i.e
hash-code-uniqueness for questions related to a Hash Code's Uniqueness, i.e
heyzap Heyzap runs multiple premium networks under one integration so you can dynamically test ad networks against each other and visualize their combined performance.
html-tableextract null
name-hiding A feature of the C++ language that causes functions in a base class to be hidden by overloads in a derived class.
nestedrecyclerview android: horizontal linear recycler view nested within a vertical recycler view
nosuchmethod null
node-horseman a module that allows you to run PhantomJS from Node.
nucleo null
mop an interpreter of the semantics of a program that is open and extensible.
mosaic-plot Mosaic plots and image-plots use color and area in a 2-d discrete matrix to display categorical relationships.
mod-vhost-alias null
mri Matz's Ruby Interpreter or Ruby MRI is the reference implementation of the Ruby programming language named after Ruby creator Yukihiro Matsumoto
msbuild-target Targets group tasks together in a particular order and allow the build process to be factored into smaller units
msf4j WSO2 Microservices Framework for Java is a lightweight high performance framework for developing & running microservices.
mkplacemark a class that stores address information about a specific coordinate.
modelio an Open Source UML tool developed by Modeliosoft, based in Paris, France
module-info Used for module-info.class related queries used for module declaration in Java since its Java 9 release
manova The Multivariate analysis of variance is a statistical test procedure for comparing multivariate means of several groups.
memory-size null
ionic-cloud null
isight a webcam, both external and internal, developed and marketed by Apple Inc
jacl Implementation of the Tcl interpreter written in Java
java.lang null
jfr JRockit/Java Flight Recorder , a performance monitoring and profiling tool
jsonix a JavaScript library which provides JSON-XML interfaces that allows to marshalling and unmarshalling JSON to/from XML.
jslink the new feature introduced in SharePoint 2013, loading off the burden of XSLT webparts from the developer's mind
list-comparison null
machinist a factory framework for building test objects in Ruby
longtable null
knopflerfish an easy to use open source certified implementation of the OSGi R4 v4.2 core framework specification, as well as related build tools and applications
keynotfoundexception For issues relating to the .NET KeyNotFoundException.
language-switching null
laravel-filesystem a file system abstraction layer that allows local file systems and cloud-based storage services provided by Amazon S3 and Rackspace Cloud to be used transparen…
lean an open source theorem prover being developed at Microsoft Research, and its standard library at Carnegie Mellon University
cite null
cfdata CFData provides support for data objects, object-oriented wrappers for byte buffers.
character-set A character set maps a set of characters to specific numeric values, e.g
cmenu null
cacls Windows command that Displays or modifies discretionary access control lists on specified files.
cachemanager CacheManager is an open source caching abstraction layer for .NET written in C#
wicket-tester a unit testing framework specifically built for use with web sites/applications built with the Apache Wicket Framework.
bitcount null
bluetooth-socket null
azure-sdk-python null
baqend a serverless development platform for building incredibly fast and scalable web applications
bass.dll null
beta-distribution A two-parameter family of univariate distributions defined on the interval .
carmen the name of a Ruby gem providing a repository of geographic regions and of a collection of software from Carnegie Mellon University for controlling mobile robots.
django-rq Django integration with RQ, a Redis based Python queuing library
directcast a keyword in VB.NET for explicitly changing the type of an expression, but only via class inheritance or interface implementation.
django-admin-actions null
divio null
debhelper Suite of programs intended to simplify and improve the process of creating .deb packages
ddmathparser An Objective-C framework for parsing mathematical expressions.
context-bound Context bounds were introduced in Scala 2.8.0, and are typically used with the so-called type class pattern, a pattern of code that emulates the functionality provided by Haskell type classes, though …
copywithzone null
copybook null
cryengine a game engine developed by Crytek used for the first-person shooter computer game Far Cry.Now, it is also used for Sniper Warfare Games like Sniper Ghost Warrior 2
current-dir null
excel-2008 Released in January 2008, the Mac OS X equivalent of Excel 2007 except distinguished from that and other Mac Excel versions for lack of VBA.
content-delivery-network null
shared-secret a piece of data, known only to the parties involved, in a secure communication
accesscontrolservice null
ackermann computable but not primitive recursive
android-customtabs Chrome custom tabs give apps more control over their web experience, and make transitions between native and web content more seamless without having to resort to a WebView
ammonite Ammonite enhances the Scala REPL and Scala scripts
adxstudio-portals Adxstudio Portals for Microsoft Dynamics CRM which helps to publish rich content to your portal website
archilogic null
apache-pivot a GUI Framework for Java to build RIAs / IIAs
apache-nms C# a Project that defines a JMS style API called NMS and implements clients for Messaging services such as ActiveMQ, and Tibco EMS.
apache-crunch Simple and Efficient MapReduce Pipelines
app-update null
appendtext null
apple-musickit The MusicKit framework allows iOS apps to play a user's Apple Music & local music.
apple-numbers A spreadsheet application developed by Apple Inc
alter-column a part of sql's statement used to change an existing column in a table.
alternate-data-stream features of Microsoft's NTFS filesystem
altorouter PHP5.3+ Routing Class
amazon-cognito-facebook null
after-create null
quil Quil holds Processing, a carefully crafted API for making drawing and animation extremely easy
qxmlstreamreader null
root-certificate In cryptography and computer security, a root certificate is either an unsigned public key certificate or a self-signed certificate that identifies the Root Certificate Authority
difference-lists A common programming technique in pure languages for efficient representation and handling of lists as they are being built in top-down manner.
survival null
iwconfig a tool used to configure wireless network interfaces on Linux systems
eggdrop an IRC robot that is scripted using Tcl.
microsoft.ink Microsoft WPF library for using digital ink on Windows platform.
microc MicroC/OS-II , is the acronym for Micro-Controller Operating Systems Version 2
efi a specification that defines a software interface between an operating system and platform firmware
iwa the automatically authenticated connections between Microsoft Internet Information Services, Internet Explorer, and other Active Directory aware applications…
itunes-search-api The Search API allows you to place search fields in your website to search for content within the iTunes Store, App Store, iBookstore and Mac App Store.
j2ssh an object-orientated Java implementation of the SSH version 2 protocol.
cgbitmapcontext null
optional-variables null
optionbutton null
superscrollorama a jQuery plugin for scrolling animations.
uses-feature for questions about the uses-feature declaration in the AndroidManifest.
ropemacs a plugin for performing python refactorings in emacs
galen Automating testing of responsive websites using the Galen Framework
game-maker-studio-1.4 Regarding all development that resides in Game Maker: Studio, up to version 1.4
gambit Questions about the Gambit-C implementation of the Scheme programming language.
gcc7 a major release of the GNU Compiler collection first released in 2017
custom-paging null
aho-corasick The Aho-Corasick string matching algorithm is a fast algorithm for finding all occurrences of a set of substrings in a pattern text
alphabetized Alphabetized usually refers to something ordered alphabetically from A to Z.
app-thinning App Thinning
apache-directory null
android-photoview null
android-phone-call null
android-navigation-bar null
android-mediacodec null
asianfonts null
azure-iot-edge for questions related to Azure IoT Edge, which is an Internet of Things service that builds on top of IoT Hub.
advanced-filter An advanced query can be achieved through Data ► Sort & Filter ► Advanced
adobe-flash-cs3 null
addattribute null
alfresco-enterprise null
ancs The purpose of the Apple Notification Center Service is to give Bluetooth accessories a simple and convenient way to access man…
accessorytype The type of standard accessory view the cell should use
acc The aCC command invokes the HP aC++ compiling system
confluent-schema-registry Schema Registry provides a store, backed by Kafka, for storing and retrieving Avro schemas
excel-import two ways to import data from a text file by using Microsoft Office Excel: You can open the text file in Excel, or you can import the text file as an externa…
code-security null
coderay a library for syntax highlighting, written in Ruby, and running on Ruby implementations.
column-alias null
contextclassloader Thread's classloader: Thread.getCurrentThread.getContextClassloader
datadude another name for Visual Studio 2008 Database Projects
data-cube null
cartridge a shopping cart application built using the content management platform.
basicnamevaluepair A simple class encapsulating an attribute/value pair in Java
bacula a set of Open Source, computer programs that permit you to manage backup, recovery, and verification of computer data across a network of computers of different…
azure-security for Azure Security questions
boilerplatejs a template for JavaScript development.
bitmapdrawable null
birthday-paradox a phenomenon in probability in which the probability of a population containing two individuals with the same property is much greater than would be intuitively expected
wiki-engine Wiki-Engine
cmmi Capability Maturity Model Integration
pointer-to-array null
c++builder-xe6 a multi-device, standards-based C++ solution for rapidly building high performance, natively compiled apps for Windows, Mac, iOS and Android.
c2hs a generator tool for Haskell bindings to C libraries.
polybase null
chaiscript an embeddable scripting language inspired by JavaScript
clearscript a library that makes it easy to add scripting to your .NET applications
cloudways a managed cloud hosting platform for businesses
libyaml a YAML 1.1 parser and emitter written in C
libyuv an open source project that includes YUV scaling and conversion functionality
jwk a JSON data structure that represents a cryptographic key.
make-install null
local-shared-object null
jqchart a chart plugin for jQuery and ASP.NET MVC.
jpopup null
jaws-wordnet The Java API for WordNet Searching is an API that provides Java applications with the ability to retrieve data from the WordNet database.
midi-instrument null
mathgl a library for making high-quality scientific graphics under Linux and Windows
migratordotnet Database migrations for .NET
moq-3 Moq is a mocking framework for .NET that makes heavy use of lambdas and LINQ expression trees
nupic Numenta Platform for Intelligent Computing: Open Source Software platform based on the principles of the neocortex, as identified by Jeff Hawkins.
nvvp the name of NVIDIA's proprietary GUI-enabled GPU CUDA profiling tool.
nltk-trainer null
no-response null
mvcroutehandler Questions about routing within ASP.Net MVC
html-injections null
http-post-vars The name/value pairs found in the body of an HTTP POST request.
hashalgorithm null
heif a file format for individual images and image sequences
hl7-cda HL7.org XML specification of Clinical Documents
holder.js Holder.js - client side image placeholders
imapx a crossplatform IMAP library for .NET, supporting SSL/TLS, OAuth2 and all major GMail IMAP extensions
imanage line of enterprise information management products including document management and records management.
immutables-library for questions relating to the Immutables Library for Java.
import-libraries null
infinite-carousel null
general-network-error null
getlatest null
gethostbyaddr A command in a few different langauges to perform a Reverse-DNS lookup
github-graphql null
gumbo an implementation of the HTML5 parsing algorithm implemented as a pure C99 library with no outside dependencies
gupshup a Bot building platform.
gw-basic a dialect of the programming language BASIC developed by Microsoft in the 1980s, and was included in most versions of MS-DOS
handshaking Anything related to handshaking in telecommunications, i.e
gulp-babel For questions related to the gulp-babel NPM package
grako a tool that takes grammars in a variation of EBNF as input, and outputs memoizing PEG parsers in Python.
epublib a Java library for reading EPUB files, available for Android as well.
equality-operator The equality operator applies comparison between the operands
exiv2 a C++ library and a command line utility to manage image metadata
dredd a command-line tool for testing API documentation written in API Blueprint format against its backend implementation.
drawingbrush null
dub a build tool for D projects with support for automatically retrieving dependencies and integrating them in the build process
dynamics-nav-2013 an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft
fabric-digits null
facebook-actionscript-api The new Adobe ActionScript 3 SDK for Facebook Platform API, fully supported by Facebook and Adobe, makes it easy to build applications that combine the strengths of the Flash Platform
freeform null
formula-editor for questions related to editors that are used for writing formulas
form-layout null
formgroups null
gelf a log format.
bing-translator-api perform language translation, and other language-translated operations.
siena a persistence API for Java inspired by the Google App Engine Python Datastore trying to draw a bridge between SQL and NoSQL worlds
libqxt an extension library for the Qt framework.
concat-ws null
lpeg a pattern-matching library for Lua, based on Parsing Expression Grammars .
ltree a PostgreSQL extension for representing labels of data stored in a hierarchical tree-like structure
tortoisemerge provided by TortoiseSVN and the default diff and merge tool of TortoiseSVN.
touchdb a lightweight Apache CouchDB-compatible database engine suitable for embedding into mobile or desktop apps.
geor An R package to conduct geostatistical analysis.
phpgraphlib a lightweight PHP-based graphing library that creates slick PHP graphs for incorporation into a website or application
phpjs Open source library which brings much of the PHP function API to JavaScript
extender null
soap-extension Questions related to extensions, or extending functionality, for SOAP method calls.
soaplib Python SOAP library.
snowflake-schema special case of the database Star Schema, where one or many dimension tables are normalized
android-side-navigation a UI pattern that provides users quick shortcuts to the most important part of the application without having to leave the screen they are on.
skstorereviewcontroller null
ogg-theora Questions related to Theora video codec, encapsulated in Ogg Container format
node-java A node.js module that will bridge API to connect with existing Java APIs: https://github.com/joeferner/node-java
eazfuscator an obfuscator for the .NET platform
connectionexception null
connectiq a platform for writing small extensions to Garmin sports watches.
rtcmulticonnection a JavaScript library for establishing WebRTC connections for peer-to-peer communications.
sql-server-2012-localdb local database that is come along with the SQL Server 2012 installation, it can be used for developers to work out with SQL Server 2012.
seccomp an abbreviation for Secure Computing Mode, a facility built into modern Linux kernels that can be used to constrain what a program is allowed to do.
adfs2.1 Microsoft Active Directory Federation Services 2.0 is a Security Token Service
bpmn.io a BPMN 2.0 rendering toolkit and web modeler
null-coalescing The concept of setting a default value if a condition evaluates to null.
icustomtypedescriptor null
ui-codemirror The UI.Codemirror allowes to easily add CodeMirror to textareas.
knife-solo Concepts from spatula and littlechef implemented as a knife plugin.
javaapns Java library that allows developers to push notifications to iOS devices through the Apple Push Notification Service using a simple yet powerful set of tools.
javafx-9 null
spring-social-linkedin a module within the Spring Social family of projects that enables you to connect your Spring application with the LinkedIn REST API.
jqte jQuery WYSIWYG HTML editor
system.transactions null
autokey a desktop automation utility for Linux and X11
dbforge a Database Version Control Software by DevArt
autofac-configuration null
css-gradients new types of image added in the CSS3 Image Module
cstdio A C++ wrapper for C standard IO header stdio.h.
beforeupdate null
gidsignin null
gigaspaces an in-memory data grid technology that provides software middleware for deployment, management and scaling of mission-critical applications on cloud environments through two main product…
git-clean a git command that removes untracked files from a repository's working tree
openstack-glance The Glance project provides a service where users can upload and discover data assets that are meant to be used with other services
little-proxy a high performance HTTP proxy written in Java
listproperty null
jconnect null
tsify Browserify plugin for compiling TypeScript
hibernation a feature of many computer operating systems where the contents of RAM are written to non-volatile storage such as a hard disk, as a file or on a separate partition, before powering off…
openrdf null
openoffice-impress related to OpenOffice.org Impress, a presentation application which is similar to Microsoft PowerPoint.
swinject Dependency injection framework for Swift
array-unset null
zoomcharts JavaScript chart and graph library utilising HTML5 features to bring highly interactive charts and graphs to web applications.
zsi The Zolera Soap Infrastructure
xml-database null
nssound The NSSound class provides a simple interface for loading and playing audio files
story null
jquery-transit a jQuery plugin to help you do CSS transformations and transitions in jQuery.
jquery-ui-plugins Stateful jQuery plugins built using the jQuery UI widget factory.
application-layer null
phalcon-orm Object-relational mapping packaged within the Phalcon PHP framework.
pgcrypto The pgcrypto module provides cryptographic functions for PostgreSQL.
maven-nar-plugin The nar-maven-plugin is a Maven plugin that provides a platform-agnostic way of managing native code dependencies of Java projects.
vimeo-ios For issues relating to Vimeo on iOS.
viewpropertyanimator ViewPropertyAnimator provides a simple way to animate several properties in parallel, using a single Animator internally.
view-hierarchy A view hierarchy defines the relationships of the views to one another.
typedarray null
upsource JetBrains Upsource code review tool
go-interface null
google-admin-settings-api Allows administrators to retrieve and change the settings of their domains.
firefox-profile null
service-worker-events null
parameter-sniffing null
log4jdbc a Java JDBC driver that can log SQL and/or JDBC calls for other JDBC drivers using the Simple Logging Facade For Java logging system.
audience null
fastmember Anything related to FastMember library that provides fast access to .net fields/properties
redquerybuilder A JavaScript SQL editor UI component.
int128 to refer to the 128-bit integers
couchdb-mango Simplified query language interface for Apache CouchDB, inspired by MongoDB, and made available on Cloudant service first, and then on Apache CouchDB 2.0.
html-tree a Perl library for parsing HTML into DOM-like trees
http-equiv The 'http-equiv' attribute for the HTML 'meta' element makes the element a pragma directive that as the same effect as whatever HTTP header has the same name as the attribute’s value; e.g., Content-Ty…
rakudo a Perl 6 compiler running on the Parrot virtual machine.
datalength a T-SQL function in SQL Server 2005+ which takes any column or variable, and returns the length of the data in bytes.
processing-ide Use this for questions specifically related to the Processing IDE rather than Processing or Processing coding questions.
wxglade wxglade: a GUI builder for wxwidget
functional-java is an open source library to learn and implement functional programming concepts in Java.
multiboot a specification of the interactions between bootloaders and kernels
code-collaborator a self-hosted online code review tool from SmartBear Software.
angular2-compiler null
react-native-fcm null
jsqlparser a SQL statement parser
jssip for questions related to the JavaScript SIP Library.
zend-loader null
jtapplecalendar null
xmodem a simple file transfer protocol developed by Ward Christensen.
xcode4.1 The July 2011 release of Xcode, Apple's integrated development environment for for its Mac OS X and iOS platforms.
temboo a cloud-based code generation platform with 2000+ processes for APIs, databases, and more
television null
krpano a browser-based viewer for panoramic images and interactive virtual tours
labelfield null
language-binding null
entitygraph In JPA Entity Graphs give the ability to specify fetch plans.
backbone-layout-manager A layout and template manager for Backbone.js applications.
layered-windows null
ng-filter Filters in AngularJS allow you to format data
azure-storage-account null
babel-cli null
baasbox an Open Source project that aims to provide a general purpose back end for mobile and web apps
apklib null
angular-upgrade Questions related to upgrading AngularJS application to Angular
autodesk-inventor a mechanical CAD software developed by Autodesk
fedora16 Version 16 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
amazon-policy a document that formally states one or more permissions.
safety-critical when an incorrect response or an incorrectly timed response can result in significant loss to its users; in the most extreme case, loss of life may result from such…
odoo-qweb the template engine used by the Odoo/OpenERP Web Client
python-pdfkit null
permute an R package for generating restricted permutations
pipedrive-api The API for the Pipeline CRM.
program-slicing a technique to analyze certain properties of a program by identifying a fragment of the program - the slice - according to a
principal-components Performs a principal components analysis on the given data matrix and returns the results as an object of class prcomp.
openfst a library for constructing, combining, optimizing, and searching weighted finite-state transducers .
opengl-2.0 OpenGL 2.0 adds support for an assembly language, based on GPU, called ARB, that estabilish to become the standard for all vertex and fragment shader functions.
opendds an open source C++ implementation of the Object Management Group Data Distribution Service .
octopack Octopus Deploy tool to create nuget packages of your builds.
ocaml-batteries a community-driven effort to standardize on a consistent, documented, and comprehensive development platform for the OCaml programming language
paint.net freeware raster graphics editor for Microsoft Windows supporting layers and effects extendable by plugins
river-crossing-puzzle null
rowdetailstemplate null
salt-cloud create and deploy systems on many hosted cloud providers
samplegrabber a directshow filter, which provides a way to retrieve samples as they pass through the filter graph
sample-size null
sas-metadata for questions relating to programmatic interfaces to the SAS Metadata Model
seven-segment-display Numeric display formed by seven line segments, often with additional decimal points or colons.
quasar-framework Questions regarding the Quasar framework
razorsql an SQL query tool, database browser, SQL editor, and database administration tool for Windows, Mac OS X, Linux, and Solaris.
wincrypt The portion of Windows API dealing with cryptography.
windows-98 the successor to Windows 95
winobjc Windows Bridge for iOS is a Microsoft open source project that provides an Objective-C development environment for Visual Studio/Windows
webcontent null
waze Waze , formerly , is a GPS-based geographical navigation application program for smartphones with GPS support and display screens which provides turn-by-turn information and …
wcf-data-services-client null
webwork WebWork was a Java-based web application framework developed by OpenSymphony that merged into the current Struts 2 framework.
vob null
valuetuple null
tripadvisor a review website for hotels restaurants and so on
twemproxy a fast, light-weight proxy for memcached and redis built by Twitter.
user.config null
unoconv Universal Office Converter - Convert between any document format supported by LibreOffice/OpenOffice.
uft-api a testing tool that supports UI and API tests
texttemplate a Perl library that allows to generate text from text containing Perl code that is evaluated.
ternary-search-tree a data structure for efficiently storing string data using prefixes.
swift-mt the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
svgkit a Cocoa framework for rendering SVG files on iOS / OSX natively using CoreAnimation.
svelte For the Svelte web template compiler and related components.
sql-standards null
social-tables Questions about the Social Tables API
signed-integer null
shark Apple's legacy performance analysis tool
silentpush for Silent push notifications to mobile
smf-forum Simple Machines Forum is a freeware Internet forum application
size-type null
spdep An R package to provide functions for spatial regression, dependence, and weighting analysis.
spring-data-commons The Spring Data Commons project applies core Spring concepts to the development of solutions using many non-relational data stores.
spring-boot-starter For questions relating to the Spring Boot Starter POMs.
subresource-integrity Subresource Integrity , a W3C standard, is a security feature which enables browsers to verify that files they fetch are delivered without unexpected manipulation
subgurim-maps an ASP.NET complete wrapper around Google Maps Javascript libraries that leverages the developer from the inner workings of the Javascript API
structr a powerful application platform for Enterprise Master Data Management, Product Data Management, Enterprise Content Management and more
svn-reintegrate null
tfs2018 for version specific questions about Team Foundation Server
taskdef null
table-lock null
trading-view is a popular web based trading platform, similar to *MetaTrader, NinjaTrader*, and *TradingStation* etc
tilt-sensor null
valums-file-uploader a Javascript + AJAX library for uploading multiple files with a progress-bar in FF3.6+, Safari4+, Chrome and falls back to hidden-iframe-based upload in other browsers
valign an HTML attribute used to designate a vertical alignment of an entity.
vary used for indicating to browsers and other user agents which request header values to check when deciding whether to load content from a cache or to instead fetch a new resp…
variable-templates for anything related to C++14 variable templates.
virtual-network a computer network that consists, at least in part, of virtual network links
webforms-view-engine null
windsor-facilities main way of extending the Castle Windsor container
windows-controls null
razorpdf a package that uses the Razor View Engine to create iTextXML which in turn is used to produce PDF files
radix-tree a trie where each node with only one child is merged with its child as form of space optimization.
qtvirtualkeyboard The Qt Virtual Keyboard provides an input framework and Qt Quick-based reference keyboard front end for Qt 5.
python-iris Iris seeks to provide a powerful, easy to use, and community-driven Python library for analysing and visualising meteorological and oceanographic data sets.
qmutex The QMutex class, part of the Qt framework, provides access serialization between threads.
residemenu iOS 7/8 style side menu with parallax effect.
reward null
reverse-lookup Many programming languages feature data structures where unique indexes are associated with a value
rendercontrol null
remote-forms null
recordreader null
serena the leader in Application Lifecycle Management for distributed and mainframe systems.
rulers null
rubyxl a ruby lib for reading/writing/modifying .xlsx and .xlsm files
rprofile The R statistical package uses both or either Rprofile.site or .Rprofile to load startup requirements.
rpt null
rpx null
risk-analysis be used whenever the probability and/or the severity of one or multiple events should be quantified
robotics-studio an environment for simulating and controlling robots.
page-replacement null
pairwise null
outerheight null
output-window null
pax-runner a tool to provision OSGi bundles in all major open source OSGi framework implementations .
object-diagram Also known as an , a UML Object Diagram shows how class instances associate with each other, as opposed to just the relationship between the classes shown in a Class Diagram.
oct2py a Python library that allows the user to seemlessly call M-files and Octave functions from Python.
onactionexecuting ASP.NET MVC Controller.OnActionExecuting Method
openmap a Java Beans based toolkit for building applications and applets needing geographic information
precompiler null
pybuilder a multi-purpose software build tool with a strong focus on Python.
pseudo-streaming null
ply-file-format http://paulbourke.net/dataformats/ply/
plug-and-play null
odo null
amazon-sagemaker a fully-managed AWS service that enables developers and data scientists to quickly and easily build, train, and deploy machine learning models at any scale.
federated-table null
angular-cache a very useful replacement for Angular's $cacheFactory.
iotivity an open source software framework enabling seamless device-to-device connectivity to address the emerging needs of the Internet of Things by delivering a reference implementation of the OC…
ngboilerplate null
ngcloak used to prevent the Angular html template from being briefly displayed by the browser in its raw form while your application is loading
cross-server null
createwindowex null
createremotethread null
clistview A component within the Yii PHP framework.
landsat Landsat could refer to the Landsat program, a remote sensing program managed by USGS and NASA
kylo an open-source data lake management platform
xmlencoder XMLEncoder converts a JavaBean into XML text.
jstree-search A plugin for the popular jQuery plugin jsTree, Search allows both client side highlighting of active nodes and AJAX communication with a server side script to expand the current tree.
blackberry-push null
blackberry-maps Another Map to Google Map and only used in Blackberry Device
bless a function in , which associates an object with a class.
rfc3986 A RFC entitled
rfduino null
fsck fsck is a tool for checking the consistency of a file system
rhtml HTML-files, with ruby code embedded.
lineseries null
commonmark A strongly specified, highly compatible implementation of Markdown
diskusage null
disconnection null
xamarin-binding null
xamarin.windows the windows version of Xamarin that helps you to build cross platform apps on Windows, iOS and Android using the .NET framework
verbatim null
data-pipeline null
ms-publisher a desktop publishing application from Microsoft.
mt null
qt-linguist a tool for adding translations to Qt applications
invariantculture culture-independent .
vbc Microsoft's Visual Basic .NET compiler
testautomationfx Test Automation FXis a tool for User Interface testing in Visual Studio
httpforbiddenhandler null
httpful Httpful - A Chainable, REST Friendly, PHP HTTP Client
http-head null
pushbots null
pureftpd a free , secure, production-quality and standard-conformant FTP server
treetagger a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information.
qcoreapplication The QCoreApplication class provides an event loop for console Qt applications
iri The internationalized resource identifier was defined by the Internet Engineering Task Force in 2005 as a new internet standard to extend upon the existing uniform resource identifier
fay a programming language that forms a proper subset of Haskell and which compiles to JavaScript.
hp-nonstop Proprietary HP fault-tolerant server with associated operating system and tools
windows-phone-7.8 an update to the existing windows phone 7.x devices.
windowsformsintegration null
servletconfig null
servlet-3.1 A Servlet 3.1 specification targeted to the Java EE 7 platform.
firepad An open source collaborative code and text editor
firepath a Firebug extension that adds a development tool to edit, inspect and generate XPath 1.0 expressions and CSS 3 selectors.
firefox-5 Version 5 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
urhosharp a .NET binding for Urho3d game engine
urlmappings.groovy The URLMappings plugin configures Grails' URL Mapping infrastructure.
type-definition null
sender-id an obsolete protocol derived from SPF developed by Microsoft, which validates one of the message's address header fields defined by RFC 2822
mathquill MathQuill provides for web applications.
jniwrapper null
jml Java Modeling Language - specification language for Java
jmail null
resume-upload Tag for questions regarding resuming an interrupted upload.
petitparser a parsing framework for Smalltalk, Java and Dart.
application-security Application layer security design, implementation, vulnerability assessments and concerns, as opposed to infrastructure
oslc Open Services for Lifecycle Collaboration, or OSLC, is a standard for lifecycle integration for large software projects.
os161 a simplified operating system Harvard uses for teaching the undergraduate operating systems class
goose The Goose library is, according to its website, a Html content / article extractor in Scala
tandem Tandem Computers, Inc
react-datepicker null
opcode-cache a system to cache the result of the PHP code compilation to bytecode
openbd an open source GPL Java and Google App Engine CFML runtime.
boost-logging null
boost-dynamic-bitset a C++ library that is nearly identical to the std::bitset class, the difference being that the size of the dynamic_bitset is specified at run-time during t…
chrome-mobile null
python-2.3 For issues relating to development in Python, version 2.3
x-macros One little-known usage pattern of the C preprocessor is known as
xjb a configuration file that is used to customize the default binding behaviour of the JAXB compiler.
dropbox-js a lightweight, promise based interface to the Dropbox v2 API that works in both nodejs and browser environments.
esri-arc-engine for embedding GIS data, maps and geoprocessing into desktop and mobile applications.
opensc OpenSC provides a set of libraries and utilities to work with smart cards.
obr null
objloader null
object-relationships null
hibernateexception null
single-precision null
tscrollbox null
jdk1.8.0 an implementation of either one of the Java SE, Java EE or Java ME platforms released by Oracle Corporation
litjson a small and fast library for handling data in the JSON format
anonymity null
anydac www.anydac.com - Firebird, SQLite, Advantage, SQL Server, Oracle, PostgreSQL, MySQL, DB2, ODBC, dbExpress high-speed data access components for Delphi.
halogen null
git-archive create an archive from part of a repository
ggtern an R package to create ternary diagrams - it is an extension to ggplot2
ggfortify Issues and questions regarding ggfortify R package - a unified interface for ggplot2 to easily plot many popular statistical packages using one line of code.
gfx null
getwritabledatabase one of the methods of the Android's SQLiteOpenHelper class which returns a reference to a SQLiteDatabase.
bbc-microbit a small but yet powerful learning computer for kids and grown ups
cub CUB provides state-of-the-art, reusable software components for every layer of the CUDA programming model.
cssnext a plugin for PostCSS that modernizes CSS syntax
cucm Cisco Unified Communications Manager , formerly Cisco Unified CallManager and Cisco CallManager , is a software-based call-processing system developed by Cisco Systems
deselect turn off on a list of options on a computer menu.
sbt-android-plugin sbt plugin for Android development in Scala
autonomy Autonomy Corporation was a multinational enterprise software company who has been acquired by Hewlett-Packard in October 2011, and is now part of HP's Software business unit.
system.io.packaging Microsoft's system for creating and packaging complex multi-part documents
nsapptransportsecurity This macOS/iOS Info.plist key specifies exceptions to the default strong Internet security in iOS and OS X apps and in app extensions.
jquery-1.3.2 For issues relating to using jQuery, version 1.3.2
java-ee-web-profile Java EE Web Profile , a profile of the Java Platform, Enterprise Edition specifically targeted at web applications.
java2wsdl Command line interface to the java2wsdl utility
java-print null
scalastyle a style checker for Scala.
uiapplicationshortcutitem for questions related to UIApplicationShortcutItem, an application shortcut item, also called a Home screen dynamic quick action, specifies a user-initiated action for your app.
magic-function null
identifying null
multiple-return-values null
scrap-your-boilerplate This Haskell package contains the generics system described in the Scrap Your Boilerplate papers
scringo an SDK for mobile apps that lets the developer add chat, chatrooms, forums, discussion pages, and lets the user send feedback, see other users on a map and share photos and st…
brotli a compression algorithm, first released in 2013 for web font compression and then used more widely for HTTP compression.
webpagetest WebPageTest refers to performance testing of web pages by usage of the infrastructure of webpagetest.org or similar self-hosted infrastructure.
webpack-loader null
adgroup a key part of how your account is organized
add-type null
address-operator The name of the prefix unary ampersand operator used in C and C++ to get the address of its operand, i.e
addtextchangedlistener null
admin-ajax null
addin-express Framework for developing Office add-ins using .NET platform.
humanize to make something friendlier to humans
sqlncli null
mox a mock object framework for Python.
ssis-2005 Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
ebook-reader null
eclipse-mat a fast and feature-rich Java heap analyzer that helps you find memory leaks and reduce memory consumption.
skus null
mobileiron Issues related to MobileIron enterprise mobility management solution
gtkd a D binding and OO wrapper for the GTK+ toolkit.
timeunit null
aspwizard null
php-zip-archive null
snmptrapd an SNMP application that receives and logs SNMP TRAP and INFORM messages.
snk In the .NET framework, a Strong Name Key is used to sign an assembly with a strong name.
snapjs A Library for creating beautiful mobile shelfs in Javascript http://jakiestfu.github.io/Snap.js/
phpgrid null
touchablehighlight null
geoalchemy2 a Python toolkit for working with spatial databases
input-filter values and the processes that use them to reduce the input to a software component to just that subset that is applicable for that particular execution.
class-structure null
ltac The Ltac language, Coq's domain-specific language for proof search procedures
lua-5.1 The v5.1 of the Lua scripting language.
visual-studio-setup to ask questions related to visual studio project setup.
abrecordref null
abstract-algebra the subject area of mathematics that studies algebraic structures such as groups, rings, fields, modules, vector spaces, and algebras
abide the form validation library built into Zurb Foundation
ableton-live A software music sequencer and digital audio workstation for OS X and Windows.
dynamic-import null
gksudo a frontend to sudo
gloox a portable high-level Jabber/XMPP library for C++ .
sonarlint-intellij an extension that provides on-the-fly feedback to developers on new bugs and quality issues injected into their code.
contract-first A Web Services development strategy where a WSDL is written first and code that provides the service is generated from the WSDL.
doskey Windows command that recalls previously entered command-line commands, edits command lines, and creates command macros
donut-caching a type of caching where most of the content is cached, with a little 'hole' of content that is not cached.
bijection a bijection, or is bijective, if it is both injective and surjective.
aws-dms AWS Database Migration Service can migrate your data to and from most widely used commercial and open-source databases such as Oracle, PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Amazon Redshift, Amaz…
mysql-error-1067 Error 1067: Invalid default value for '%s'
incron It stands for system
gcdasyncudpsocket an open source UDP/IP socket networking library
fuzzyfinder a plugin for VIM allowing quick file, buffer and command navigation.
function-literal null
fromfile null
falcor-router an implementation of the DataSource interface.
fall-through null
fast-esp a generic search engine capable of indexing structured as well as unstructured content from a multitude of sources and content repositories
fieldofview null
fieldcodes used as placeholders for data that might change in a document and for creating form letters and labels in mail-merge documents.
finatra A Sinatra -inspired web framework for scala, running on top of Finagle, from Twitter.
edb EDB usually refers to an Exchange Database
dynamic-values null
dsquery null
drift null
envoy a Python package providing simple API for running external processes.
enaml Declarative User Interfaces for Python
enchant the PHP binding for the » Enchant library
gpu-shared-memory The memory space on a GPU computation core which is shared by all threads of a block in a work grid .
gulp-connect null
guidewire a set of application frameworks that support main operations of insurance industry, with 3 main area: Policy Center, Claim Center and Billing Center
grunt-cli a command line interface for Grunt JS.
grunt-connect-proxy Provides a HTTP proxy as middle-ware for the grunt-contrib-connect plugin.
hana-xs HANA XS is a lightweight web and application server embedded into SAP HANA which includes configurable OData support…
github-linguist a ruby library developed and used on GitHub.com to detect blob languages, ignore binary or vendored files, suppress generated files in diffs, and generate language breakdown graphs.
git-interactive-rebase null
git-ftp a simple shell script for doing FTP the Git way
getfeatureinfo null
get-eventlog a powershell cmdlet that gets the events in an event log, or a list of the event logs, on the local or remote computers.
goaccess an open source real-time web log analyzer and interactive viewer that runs in a terminal in *nix systems
infinidb a column-oriented database engine for MySQL.
initalization null
installshield-2015 a software tool by Flexera Software for creating installers or software packages for Windows OS
imgscalr a small, fast Java library using Java's best-practices for image manipulation and providing simple static-method implementations of a handful of core image manipulations
icicles Questions and answers related to the Icicles library for Emacs: <http://www.emacswiki.org/cgi-bin/wiki/Icicles>
hipi an image processing library designed to be used with the Apache Hadoop MapReduce parallel programming framework.
hashbytes A hashing function within the Microsoft Transact-SQL Database Engine.
multiple-accounts null
multiple-makefiles null
nagle Nagle's algorithm, named after John Nagle, is a means of improving the efficiency of TCP/IP networks by reducing the number of packets that need to be sent over the network.
neoload a Web Testing software solution that will help to ensure the performance of an application under load.
negotiate null
notesview null
nodeapi the hook that on Drupal 6, and previous versions, acts on nodes.
object-code null
moodle-mobile null
mosca a node.js mqtt broker.
ms-access-forms null
mruby the lightweight implementation of the Ruby language, that can compile to C source; it's intended to make Ruby constructs accessible for embedded systems development.
mpp primarily associated with 'Microsoft Project' by Microsoft Corporation
min3d a lightweight 3d library/framework for Android using Java with OpenGL ES targeting compatibility with Android v1.5/OpenGL ES 1.0 and higher.
mkuserlocation The MKUserLocation class defines a specific type of annotation that identifies the user’s current location.
mobfox null
managementeventwatcher from `System.Management` namespace
methodexpression null
javax.swing.timer null
ios6.0 for questions related to 6.0 version of the IOS operating system; use only when the question is specific only to the version, otherwise just use IOS tag
jil JIL - A fast JSON serializer, built on Sigil with a number of somewhat crazy optimization tricks.
lifo an acronym that stands for last in, first out
low-level-api null
keyref The keyref element specifies that an attribute or element value correspond to those of the specified key or unique element in order to perform validation checks
least-common-ancestor null
learn-ruby-on-rails Questions and answers related to the book by Daniel Kehoe.
laravel-events Laravel's events provides a simple observer implementation, allowing you to subscribe and listen for events in your application.
language-packs null
cloud-sql-proxy null
cisco-axl Cisco Administrative XML Web Service
chained-assignment Chaining of consecutive and separate index operations with Python-pandas objects.
change-notification technology to notify the concern system , person about change occurs in current system / application.
c++builder-5 The 2000 release of C++Builder, a rapid visual C++ development environment
biztalk-bam a real-time data monitoring tool for Microsoft BizTalk Server.
bluetooth-peripheral generally defined as any auxiliary device such as a computer mouse or keyboard that connects to and works with the computer with a Bluetooth connection
bartintcolor null
casing null
c#-7.2 For issues relating to development with C#, version 7.2.
buckminster a set of frameworks and tools for automating build, assemble & deploy development processes in complex or distributed component-based development
bootstrap-treeview Builds tree widget with Bootstrap list-group theming
datazen-server null
datatable.select Select method in the .Net class System.Data.DataTable
development-process a set of practices, roles and artifacts performed/created during development
diophantine null
django-userena a Django application that supplies your Django project with full account management
dlquery when the question is related to a DL query, which can be used, for example, in the GUI of Protege.
content-values null
coovachilli an open-source software access controller, based on the popular ChilliSpot project, and is actively maintained by an original ChilliSpot contributor
coolstorage a fully typed Object Relational Mapping library for .NET 3.5, Windows Phone and MonoTouch
csplit a utility that is used to split a file into two or more smaller files determined by context lines.
exception-logging Writing error and exception information to a log file or database for review or research.
abuse the act of purposefully, and often violently, using something in a way that it was not meant to be used with the intention of breaking it.
acceptance set up alongside the Development, System Test, and Production environments and is used to allow business users to test a change before promoting it into the Production Env…
acl2 An automated theorem prover -- software system consisting of a programming language, an extensible theory in a first-order logic, and a mechanical theorem prover
powercfg Windows commands that controls power settings.
power-off The term in embedded or computing devices is the idea of stopping the operations of a piece of hardware unit itself, not by turning off the power, but by using some sort of preregistered h…
shared-primary-key a technique used in relational database design when it is desired to enforce a one-to-one relationship between rows in two or more tables .
android-emulator-plugin Android Emulator Plugin for Jenkins automates many Android development tasks including SDK installation, build file generation, emulator creation and launch, APK installation, monkey testing and a…
android-dateutils null
allegro-cl null
activetcl a distribution of Tcl and Tk, coupled with a repository of packages/modules.
advertisement-server a type of server that creates, manages, serves and analyze ads used in an online advertisement.
asp.net-customcontrol null
android-ondestroy Tag for questions related to Android's onDestroy method of Activities and Services.
angular-new-router A new router for Angular 1.5 and 2.0, written with TypeScript
ar.js an open source framework for three.js, and a-frame, enabling the creation of augmented reality apps / websites.
apple-m7 a motion co-processor used by Apple Inc
apple-configurator an application developed by Apple Inc
cvs2git a conversion program that converts CVS projects into git repositories.
ajaxsubmit The jQuery Form Plugin allows you to easily and unobtrusively upgrade HTML forms to use AJAX
ownership-semantics a set of rules that govern the lifetime of allocated resources
gamepad-api The Gamepad specification defines a low-level interface that represents gamepad devices.
roundup a simple-to-use and -install issue-tracking system with command-line, web and e-mail interfaces.
role-manager null
rogue-wave an international company most known for their C++ library named SourcePro
digital-compass null
sum-of-digits a number created by taking each digit of one or more other numbers and adding them together.
mercury a purely declarative logical/functional language
merge-statement null
passport-saml null
kbhit a C/C++ function used to determine if a key has been pressed or not
kartograph a framework for drawing interactive maps with Python and JavaScript.
kazoo a Python library designed to make working with Zookeeper a more hassle-free experience that is less prone to errors.
karatsuba Asymptotically fast multiplication algorithm for big integers
microsoft-exchange null
microsoft.mshtml a proprietary layout engine for the Microsoft Windows version of Internet Explorer, developed by Microsoft.
chai-http null
cgcolorspace null
dialing null
root-access null
rollover-effect null
gaia the user interface application for Firefox OS devices; it's simply a Web application running atop the Firefox OS software stack.
custom-theme null
package-structuring null
packetbeat the Open Source solution for monitoring Distributed Applications
quoted-identifier for questions involving SQL quoted identifiers
ajax-forms null
cvsnt an open-source version control system.
cutycapt a cross-platform command-line utility to capture WebKit's rendering of a web page into a variety of image formats.
appindicator Application indicators appear in Ubuntu's notification area.
aqtime an integrated profiling toolkit
application.cfm null
android-unity-plugin null
asp.net-mvc-filters attributes applied to controllers or actions that modify their behavior respecting authorization, caching, error-handling and more.
azure-git-deployment null
awr null
alassetlibrary Class which provides access to the videos and photos in iOS device media library.
activeview null
post-conditions null
sharepoint-feature Microsoft provide lots of features in their Sharepoint product, such as Excel Services, Access Services, InfoPath Forms Services, User Profile Service, Search Services, Business Connectivity Services,…
sharepoint-branding focus on change the look and feel of the default sharepoint masterpage layouts and other sharepoint features using CSS and Javascript
.net-framework-source not open source, but the source code was made available by Microsoft for debugging purposes.
2-3-4-tree a self-balancing data structure that is commonly used to implement dictionaries
access-rules Rules to control network access in both routed and transparent firewall modes.
acceptbutton null
360-panorama-viewer null
excel-tables Intended for questions dealing with structured tables in Excel-Formula and Excel-VBA
excel-external-data null
exceed PC X server that allows access to X applications from Microsoft Windows platforms.
exadata a database appliance with support for both OLTP and OLAP database systems.
colormatrixfilter null
code-navigation null
config-spec null
column-types null
custom-directive null
cookie-session Simple cookie-based session middleware for Express.js framework.
djvu an open file format designed primarily for scanned documents.
dci Data, Context, Interactions DCI was invented by Professor Trygve Reenskaug to solve a specific problem in OO code; it's very hard to read OO code for a specific use-case since it is often sprea…
datatableadapters null
browser-scrollbars null
brython Browser Python engine.
c++builder-10.1-berlin a C++ RAD toolset for building Windows, OSX, iOS and Android applications
baml compiled XAML file in WPF.
banana a log visualization tool for use with Apache Solr data
azure-role-environment null
base-tag null
bias-neuron null
bluedragon an alternative to ColdFusion, providing an environment to develop CFML-based applications
boids a computer model of coordinated animal motion such as bird flocks and fish schools.
bond an extensible framework for working with schematized data
bootclasspath null
c++builder-xe4 The early-2013 edition of Embarcadero C++ Builder, a Windows C++ IDE that compiles and debugs for both Windows and OSX, 32 and 64 bit
c10k c10k describes the ability of a server to handle 10,000 simultaneous clients.
polynomial-approximations an approximation of a real or complex function by a polynomial.
cmocka a C unit testing framework
wijmo5 null
cachefactory AngularJS Factory that constructs Cache objects and gives access to them.
cassandra-stress a Java-based stress testing utility for basic benchmarking and load testing a Cassandra cluster.
celllist null
circularreveal null
leanft a functional test automation tool from MicroFocus
leap-second a one-second adjustment that is occasionally applied to Coordinated Universal Time in order to keep its time of day close to the mean solar time.
libxml-js libxml bindings for v8 javascript engine.
lemon-graph-library A C++ template library for efficient implementations of data structures for optimization of tasks connected via graphs.
kotlin-anko null
logstash-logback-encoder null
lispworks a commercial implementation and IDE for the Common Lisp programming language
jhbuild a tool designed to ease building collections of source packages, called “modules”
jgitflow-maven-plugin null
jform-designer a Java/Swing GUI Designer which can be used both standalone or a plugin
jpedal a commercial Java PDF library distributed by IDR Solutions.
jsignature a JavaScript widget that simplifies creation of a signature capture field in a browser window, allowing a user to draw a signature using mouse, pen, or finger.
jsfunit a test framework for Java ServerFaces
jscoverage a tool that measures code coverage for JavaScript programs.
jquery-nestable an open-source jQuery plugin which provides a way to create draggable hierarchical list control.
iscrollview JQuery Mobile widget plug-in for easy use of the iScroll scroller in JQuery Mobile projects
ion-koush a networking library for Android by Koushik Dutta.
intermediate-code null
jaunt-api a free Java web-scraping and automation library.
jade4j to be able to process jade templates in Java without the need of a JavaScript environment, while being fully compatible with the original jade syntax.
method-declaration null
memory-editing for questions related to memory editing; involves modifying the memory values.
mcsession An MCSession object enables and manages communication among all peers in a Multipeer Connectivity session
mkmaprect An iOS Map Kit data type: A rectangular area as measured on a two-dimensional map projection.
mqueue null
morgan HTTP request logger middleware for node.js
oai a standard for content sharing, principally to faciliate access to archives for scholarly usage.
nt-native-api used by Windows NT and user mode applications
ntlm-authentication In a Windows network, NT LAN Manager is a suite of Microsoft security protocols that provides authentication, integrity, and confidentiality to users
non-renewing-subscription null
non-repetitive null
nintendo-ds a portable gaming console from Nintendo.
musl A new standard library to power a new generation of Linux-based devices.
hfile File format for hbase
hippomocks A library for writing and using C++ mock classes
honeywell an American multinational conglomerate company that produces a variety of commercial and consumer products, engineering services, and aerospace systems for a wide vari…
imgkit Library that allows JPG images to be created using plain HTML+CSS.
installshield-2013 a software tool by Flexera Software for creating installers or software packages
installaware null
instanceid null
interface-design null
inflector null
important in css.
inets an Erlang application providing a container for Internet clients and servers, including an HTTP/1.1 compliant web server.
git-for-windows null
git-daemon null
github-organizations Organizations simplify management of group-owned repositories
gumstix an American multinational company headquartered in Portola Valley, California that develops and manufactures small computers-on-module , compatible expansion boards and single-board c…
hard-coding null
groupon a deal-of-the-day website that features discounted gift certificates usable at local or national retailers.
google-smart-home null
grooveshark an online music streaming service with search engine and recommendation application.
ember-table A fast, lazy rendered, easily extensible table built with Ember.js.
emojione null
extrinsic-parameters null
dspic Microchip's 16-bit dsPIC® Digital Signal Controllers
duplicate-content null
eclipse-orion an open source project under the Eclipse top-level project
elcimagepickercontroller Issues related to ELCImagePickerController component
flashing null
findfirst null
fetched-property null
facebook-app-settings null
frombodyattribute null
fxg an XML-based file format for sharing bitmap and vector graphic assets between the range of Adobe products.
gcloud-java a Google Cloud Platform client library for Java applications.
fluid-images null
indexed-properties Properties of a Java Bean that could be accessed via index.
mysql-error-1025 Error 1025 - Error on rename of '%s' to '%s'
mysql4 null
aws-fargate a service within Amazon Web Services that allows for running containers without managing servers or clusters
aws-sam-local null
binary-log null
control-array null
controlfile null
sony-lifelog-api a REST-based web-service API in which developers use endpoints like User profile, Activities and Locations to get secure access to Lifelog data for a user.
liberator a Clojure library that helps expose data as REST resources while automatically complying with all the relevant requirements of HTTP specification .
gldrawarrays render primitives from array data
dynamic-code null
dynamic-class null
lumen-5.3 null
generic-relations null
asp.net-placeholder used to provide a location in a Master page where content pages will fill in page-specific content.
assemblyresolve null
modal-popup null
mod-autoindex null
gtktextview GtkTextView, part of the GTK+ , is a widget that displays a GtkTextBuffer.
skvideonode a node that plays live video
nodejs-stream an abstract interface for working with streaming data in Node.js
catamorphism Use catamorphism in questions to refer to functions which recursively iterate through a data structure to return a new structure
platformio for questions about installing, configuring, or building software with PlatformIO Core or PlatformIO IDE.
play-billing-library Anything specific to Google Play Billing library
pixel-ratio null
nodename null
apache-spark-1.4 Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.4
eclipse-databinding a multi-threaded set of abstractions that allow for automated validation and synchronization of values between objects
easypost an API that lets you add shipping to any application.
xpand a language specialized on code generation for Eclipse.
ssl-client-authentication null
sslcontext null
ssn null
srs SRS stands for Software Requirement Specification which is a complete document specifying functionality of the software being developed along with its use cases.
connman Internet connections manager for Linux
sql-maven-plugin used to execute SQL statements during a Maven build
sql-import-wizard null
rspec-expectations a module of the RSpec BDD suite that provides a readable API to express expected test outcomes, usable with other tools such as Cucumber as well as with RSpec.
presentationml Part of the Office Open XML specification ECMA-376
search-tree A tree shaped data structure which allows for storing orderable data so it may be efficiently searched later.
security-by-obscurity A security anti-pattern in which secure information is in the mistaken belief that it is then secure
segmentedcontrol null
segment-io a single, simple integration that gives you access to 70+ analytics and marketing tools with the flick of a switch
web-mining the application of data mining techniques to discover patterns from the World Wide Web.
braintree-rails a framework that wraps the official braintree_ruby client library and provides ActiveModel compatible models that can be easily fit into an rails app.
number-sequence null
iepngfix null
magento-rules Magento's Catalog Rules and Shopping Cart Price Rules are systems to apply pricing rules to products in a webshop
jquery.panzoom a progressive plugin to create panning and zooming functionality for an element.
vshost.exe null
dbcommand null
dnsjava an implementation of the DNS protocol in Java.
cstringio A simple fast partial StringIO replacement in Python 2
begincollectionitem A handy HtmlHelper that was originally authored by Steve Sanderson
minishift a tool that helps you run a single-node OpenShift cluster.
ginput Graphical input from mouse or cursor.
giphy Giphy, an online repository of animated gifs with the option to make your own
gina The graphical identification and authentication library is a component of some Microsoft Windows operating systems that provides secure authentication and interactive logon services.
ansi-term null
web-accessibility about making web content, including web applications, accessible for people with disabilities and elderly people
webassets the asset management application for Python web development — use it to merge and compress your JavaScript and CSS files.
ttphotoviewcontroller null
tungsten-replicator a high performance, open source, data replication engine for MySQL
siri-remote the remote controller bundled with the 4th generation Apple TV.
simplerepository null
umfpack a set of routines for solving unsymmetric sparse linear systems, Ax=b, using the Unsymmetric MultiFrontal method.
uivewcontroller null
highgui A module of OpenCV, the graphical and computer vision library, that provides high ordered features related to GUI.
openmesh a library implementing a generic and efficient data structure for representing and manipulating polygonal meshes
mongodb-hadoop null
monetdblite an embedded version of MonetDB, a relational database with a SQL interface
mongoid5 an ODM framework for MongoDB in Ruby.
swiftydropbox the official Swift SDK for integrating with the Dropbox API v2.
switchpreference null
symfony-http-foundation a set of reusable PHP components
errorformat null
error-list null
dr-memory a memory monitoring tool for identifying memory-related programming errors
pysam a python module for reading and manipulating Samfiles
x-facebook-platform null
nspipe null
default-programs null
child-actions null
boost-ptr-container a C++ library that provides containers for holding heap-allocated objects in an exception-safe manner and with minimal overhead
onpaste null
stormcrawler project providing a collection of resources for building low-latency, scalable web crawlers on Apache Storm
wrap-content null
tagged-corpus null
jquery-ui-widget null
jruby-rack null
gorp a package that provides a simple way to marshal Go structs to and from SQL databases
googleway R Pacakge for working with Google Maps API
oslo Modelling Language
jmodelica An extensible Modelica-based open source platform for optimization, simulation, and analysis of complex dynamic systems.
jobservice null
senchatouch-2.4 null
android-capture null
android-a11y null
ipmitool an utility for managing and configuring devices that support the Intelligent Platform Management Interface version 1.5 and version 2.0 specifications.
service-object null
session-store null
html.hiddenfor null
windows-live-writer a desktop blog-publishing application that is part of the Windows Live range of products
hssfworkbook High level representation of a .xls workbook, top level object for creating new sheets
fatwire null
iproute Program to control policy-based routing tables
qcc call gcc, providing locations of libraries for appropriate targets, reworking some of the options to be more like Posix, etc.
transform-feedback null
transitivity null
transitiondrawable an extension of LayerDrawables and is intended to cross-fade between the first and second layer.
pywin a python module, lightweight launcher and switcher for Windows command line and MSYS/MINGW32
tree-search null
testcasesource null
raiseerror null
httplistenerrequest null
vcbuild null
invantive-control an Excel add-on which allows two-way synchronization between Excel and traditional databases as well as cloud-based applications, using native SQL or Invantive SQL
xamarin.mobile a .NET library that runs on iPhone, Android and Windows Phone 7 which abstracts the underlying functionality and exposes a common API that developers can build against.
disjoint-union null
commonj Use tag for CommonJ - Timer And Work Manager API
profile-provider null
linguaplone a tool to manage and maintain multilingual content that integrates seamlessly with Plone.
rhythmbox For issues relating to the Rhythmbox music player for GNOME.
richedit-control null
frozen-columns null
multicastdelegate a delegate that points to several methods
jtcalendar an easily customizable calendar control for iOS.
jtemplate a plugin written for the jQuery JavaScript library.
xdgutils a set of simple scripts that provide basic desktop integration functions for any Free Desktop, such as Linux
xdv a way to apply a style/theme contained in a static HTML web page to a dynamic website created using any server-side technology, using …
wordpad a text file processor/editor built-in Windows systems since Windows95
wsdl2code null
backups null
tdictionary null
crm-ribbon-workbench for questions related to Dynamics CRM Ribbon workbench, which is most powerful solution to edit Ribbon and Command bars in Dynamics 365.
backbone-boilerplate A set of best practices and utilities for building Backbone.js applications.
static-order-fiasco the static-order-fiasco refers to the problem of interdependent static initializations in different compilation units in C and C++
react-relay a JavaScript framework for building data-driven React applications.
react-routing null
vuejs-directive null
fedena Fedena : Open source school management system
off-by-one A class of errors commonly made by programmers characterized by accessing arrays at an index, whose value is greater or lesser than the intended value by 1
plottable.js a Javascript library to create interactive web charts on top of D3.
perlmagick an objected-oriented Perl interface to ImageMagick
photobucket null
psftp for questions about PSFTP, a PuTTY tool used to transfer files between computers over SSH.
python-cmd null
predefined-macro null
project-hosting null
openid-selector an open source program that integrates various open id providers in a user friendly manner
operationalerror null
optional-binding null
ocaml-lwt a cooperative threads library for OCaml.
pawn an open source scripting language primarily intended as an embeddable scripting language
parse-javascript-sdk null
perforce-branch-spec A mapping between two sets of files for use with p4 integrate
padre an open source IDE for the Perl programming language written in Perl
outline-view null
routetable null
rkobjectmapping null
rsa-archer-grc RSA Archer eGRC Solutions allow you to build an efficient, collaborative enterprise governance, risk and compliance program across IT, finance, operations and legal domains
rubymotion-promotion a RubyMotion gem that makes iPhone development less like Objective-C and more like Ruby.
runkit PECL runkit extension
saripaar a simple, yet powerful rule-based UI validation library for Android.
sapui5-theming null
sap-basis a business application software integrated solution
server-monitoring null
sccm-2007 null
record-count null
redux-middleware null
refinements a feature of Ruby intended to reduce the impact of monkey patching on other users of the monkey-patched class
resharper-6.1 a developer productivity for Microsoft Visual Studio extending its native functionality
pythoninterpreter a standard wrapper for a Jython interpreter for embedding in a Java application
python-magic a python interface to the libmagic file type identification library.
radium a set of tools to manage inline styles on elements
raster-graphics for question about raster graphics
racing for questions related to racing games and simulations, their development, resources, 2d / 3d modelling, scripting, creating realistic handling, collisions, rotation of the wheels etc.
windows-7-embedded an operating system designed to bring Windows 7 features to embedded devices
word-list null
webusb a USB API for the web
wcf-behaviour null
web-console the Mozilla Firefox panel which allows stylesheets and document structure as well as network requests to be inspected
webclient.uploaddata null
vix an API for writing scripts to automate VMware's virtual machine operations and run programs that manipulate files within guest operating systems.
walmart-api to ask questions about any of the public Walmart APIs.
validation-controls null
tivoli-work-scheduler an automation tool capable of executing jobs monitoring events, controlling flow, and managing dependencies on a variety of platforms and across distributed environ…
tput Utility to make the values of terminal-dependent capabilities and information available to the shell
tropo a cloud communications service which provides web applications the opportunity to send and receive phone calls, SMS text messages and instant messages.
twilio-programmable-chat For questions about Twilio's text chat APIs
udeploy for IBM's uDeploy automation deployment framework.
ubuntu-8.04 For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 8.04.
umount umount detaches a specified file system from the file tree.
use-case-diagram null
sysdba null
text-rotating null
stereotype null
stopiteration The Python `StopIteration` exception.
staleobjectstate null
skeletal-mesh Skeletal mesh files associate polygon vertices with moves
sling-models Sling Models provide the ability to use annotation driven, POJOs in Sling-based projects along with dependency injection capabilities and the ability to adapt various Sling objects OOTB.
simba an open source program which can be used to automate tasks.
sitecore-azure a module for Sitecore Content Management System to automating the deployment to the Microsoft Azure.
shfileoperation for question about SHFileOperation function
shazam Song recognition software by listening
smartfox null
smartgwt-pro a licensed GWT-based framework that allows you to not only utilize its comprehensive widget library for your application UI, but also tie these widgets in with your server-side for da…
solandra a real-time distributed search engine built on Apache Solr and Apache Cassandra.
stargate the name of the REST server bundled with HBase.
standard-layout null
sql-variant Describes something rather similar to SQL but not actual ANSI-Complient SQL.
srid null
spring-boot-devtools Spring Boot subproject that enable quick reloading of static resources and lightweight context reload when changes to `.class` files det…
space-partitioning null
symlink-traversal null
swiftcharts A charting library for iOS, written in swift.
textsum null
text-widget null
textjoin for questions that specify it in the question or could benefit from its use in a proposed solution.
t4-toolbox For issues relating to the T4 Toolbox Visual Studio extension to extend the code generation functionality of T4 text templates.
sysv-ipc System V IPC, now XSI interprocess communication, provide IPC facilities with message queues, semaphores and shared memory segments.
task-management null
unchecked-cast casting from a generic type to a non-qualified type, or the other way around.
ubifs Concerning the Linux UBI and UbiFs layer for NAND and NOR flash chips.
uipickerviewdelegate The delegate of a UIPickerView object must adopt this protocol and implement at least some of its methods to provide the picker view with the data it needs to construct itself.
trinidad-gem Simple JRuby library to run Ruby on Rails and Rack applications from an embedded Apache Tomcat
tomcat-manager Management interface for the tomcat container
timefield null
timagelist a VCL component representing an indexed collection of uniform sized images
tiles-game Use .
value-restriction In functional programming, in particular the ML programming language family, the value restriction means that declarations are only polymorphically generalized if they are syntactic values
warc for question related to WARC file
vivus a JavaScript library for animating SVGs
visual-web-gui Proprietary WYSIWYG designer and HTML5 rendering engine by Gizmox.
web-fragment Web fragments, a new feature of Servlet 3.0 technology, solves this problem by modularizing deployment descriptors.
windows-administration null
rabbitmq-shovel null
rates null
q-municate Q-municate comes with powerful instant messaging right out of the box
query-designer null
resharper-plugins null
resource-loading null
revisionable a Laravel package that allow you to keep revision history for models.
remote-process null
remix Questions about Remix, an integrated development environment for smart contract development
scylla a Cassandra-compatible NoSQL data store
server-side-attacks null
servercontrol null
set-include-path null
sap.m for OpenUI5 sap.m library
rr a test double framework that features a rich selection of double techniques and a terse syntax.
pact-jvm JVM version of Pact
parse-cloud null
page-setup null
perldoc part of the perl distribution and allow you look up Perl documentation in POD format.
pattern-layout refers to the method of formatting the logging output by specifying a formatting string, in a family of logging libraries based on log4j
oneway The oneway keyword indicates a method that can be treated as asynchronous with distributed objects.
otl a C++ database access interface
opml an XML format for outlines, or hierarchical, ordered lists of arbitrary elements
project-calico Project Calico aims to simplify, scale, and secure cloud networks.
principalpermission null
psse a commercial tool for simulating, analysing and optimising power systems.
pid-controller A proportional-integral-derivative controller is a control loop feedback mechanism widely used in industrial control systems.
pootle an online translation and localization tool
laravel-notification null
featuretoggle a method for turning off a feature a programmer is working on, therefore avoiding the need for a feature branch
feathers-sequelize null
nhunspell a .NET version of the Open Office spell checker library Hunspell and its sister projects Hyphen and MyThes.
nifty-gui a Java Library that supports the building of interactive user interfaces.
vue-tables-2 null
b2 the 'Boost.Build' tool used with 'Jamfile' configuration files in order to generate boost libraries
react-native-web null
python-nonlocal The python 3 nonlocal keyword marks a variable as one taken from a parent scope, and is similar to the global keyword.
backbone-local-storage A localStorage adapter for Backbone.js
registering null
leader a software application in a distributed system which provides the global coordination necessary for servers to perform transactions safely and to ensure clients are not oversubscribed.
cloo an open source, easy to use, managed library which enables .NET/Mono applications to take full advantage of the OpenCL framework.
kruskal-wallis The Kruskal–Wallis one-way analysis of variance by ranks is a non-parametric method for testing whether samples originate from the same distribution
tell null
xvalue a C++11 term for an expiring value that can be moved from
haskell-persistent null
zalgo for questions about Zalgo text
jss for questions about JSS - a Javascript tool for CSS.
zxing.net a library which supports decoding and generating of barcodes
mule-module-jpa Mule Module support for the Java Persistence API
protect-from-forgery null
prosody-im an XMPP communication server which aims to be easy to set up and configure.
netwire Efficient and flexible wire arrows for functional reactive programming and other forms of locally stateful programming.
richtextfx Rich text editing component for JavaFX.
cocos2d-python Python-based open source framework for building 2D games and graphical applications for Windows, Mac and Linux desktop computers.
rhino-etl an open source Extract, Transform and Load library for .NET
blender-2.67 Blender provides a broad spectrum of modeling, texturing, lighting, animation and video post-processing functionality in one package
blender-2.50 For issues relating to using Blender, version 2.50.
cocos2d-iphone-3 Tag for questions specifically about v3.x of cocos2d-iphone
angular2-inputs null
ios-sharesheet iOS Share Sheets, allow a user to share important information directly with third party applications and services
iosdeployment null
discussion-board an online site where people can hold conversations in the form of posted messages
displayformat null
datagridviewbuttoncolumn a DataGridViewColumn implementation for Button cells
test-first null
purify null
http.client null
corresponding-records null
correspondence null
qabstractitemview The QAbstractItemView class provides the basic functionality for item view classes.
stylesheet-link-tag null
windows-live-messenger null
faultcontract null
session-state-provider null
session-state-server null
servicestack-auth ServiceStack's Authentication features
loglog null
android-afilechooser Android library that provides a file explorer to let users select files on external storage.
peek-pop null
android-chips null
viewwilltransitiontosize null
virtex a series of FPGAs produced by Xilinx
recursive-mutex a mutex which may be locked multiple times by the same process or thread, without causing a deadlock.
senti-wordnet null
urlmon null
urlread null
url-action null
gold-linker the name of a ELF linker included in binutils
foldable a class of data structures that can be folded to a summary value.
maven-bom a pattern for collectively managing the versions of multiple dependencies into your project.
activeqt Qt's ActiveX Framework or ActiveQt for short is Qt's ActiveX and COM support for Windows platform.
appsflyer the market leader in mobile advertising attribution and analytics, helping marketers to pinpoint their targeting, optimize their ad spend and boost ROI.
apptentive null
actionbarsherlock-map null
jruby-java-interop null
tagbar a vim plugin for browsing the tags of source code files
tagbuilder null
wpallimport a Wordpress plugin used to map the data in a XML or CSV file to the appropriate fields in WordPress.The plugin works with any theme, any plugin, and supports images, Custom Fields, ta…
rdo a distribution of OpenStack based on Red Hat flavors of linux.
rdiscount the Ruby binding to Discount, a fast Markdown to HTML processor with many syntax extensions.
rdbms-agnostic not targeted for a specific database product.
stringbyevaluatingjavascr null
stringcollection null
boost-locale a C++ library that provides high quality localization facilities in a C++ way.
boost-process an accepted C++ library that handles processes in an OS-independent way and will be released with boost 1.64
table-statistics null
defaultnetworkcredentials A property of Microsoft's .NET Framework that returns the security context of the current user or application.
deferred-shading null
x-forwarded-for null
zomato-api The Zomato APIs provide the most accurate and updated restaurant data for integration with your application
zk-grid Question regarding zk grid component
arrayiterator An iterator specifically for traversal though arrays
zerofill null
asa a family of security products from Cisco Systems
symfony-1.2 Questions about Symfony version 1.2, a PHP framework by Sensio Labs.
switch-user null
mongoid6 the officially supported ODM framework for MongoDB in Ruby.
mollie an online payment processor
hierarchyviewer a tool for Android developers to examine their apps' View Hierarchies.
sinch-verification null
tuespechkin a .NET Wrapper for the wkhtmltopdf library.
turnkeylinux.org null
tspan null
adobe-connect a product by Adobe that allows registered user to create meetings between users.
adobe-director a multimedia application authoring platform to create shockwave movies
tgrid null
thoughtworks-go Go - the Continuous Integration and Release Management system from ThoughtWorks Studios
wds WDS stands for , which is the search engine used on Microsoft's Windows OS
jchartfx a set of Javascript libraries providing charts and graphs for professional and serious business data visualization and analysis.
annotatedtimeline Part of the Google Visualization graphing API
live-cd A build of an operating system that can run directly from a CD/DVD disk or image
openstruct a Ruby data structure, similar to a Hash.
gini The Gini coefficient is a measure of statistical dispersion intended to represent the income distribution of a nation's residents, and is…
reportparameter null
miracast Enables displaying multimedia or sharing a screen between devices, without cables or a pre-existing network connection.
cue null
facebook-graph-api-v2.8 Questions regarding Facebook's Graph API's version v2.8
dnf a software package manager that installs / updates / removes packages on RPM-based Linux distributions.
desktop-sharing null
db-first an approach used in Entity Framework ORM which means the database tables model comes first than model.
vsdbcmd a command line utility which can be used to deploy a database or to import a database schema into a `.dbschema` file.
vsam an IBM DASD file storing method.
autoreconf Linux command to update generated configuration files
nrefactory NRefactory supports analysis of C# source code: it includes a parser, abstract syntax tree, type system, semantic analysis , code completion, and several refactorings.
nsdatecomponentsformatter null
system.web.ui.webcontrols null
spring-framework-beans null
spring-ide null
unity5.3 The 5.3 release of the Unity game engine.
kie-wb the full distribution, that contains all the components that we are creating, so inside it you will find all the BPM and Rules modules
idref used in a Document Type Definition or XML Schema Definition to bind the ID attribute value of a specified element to a separate attribute of one or more unrelated elements.
ie7.js ie7.js, and later versions ie8.js and ie9.js, are Javascript tools to add missing functionality to IE6 and subsequent versions of Internet Explorer.
multiscaleimage null
magma MAGMA is a collection of linear algebra libraries for heterogeneous processor architectures.
ruby-jmeter A Ruby based DSL for building JMeter test plans
rtm null
greendao3 null
great-firewall-of-china A blanket term to refer to legislation and projects initiated by the Chinese government that attempt to regulate and censor parts of the internet in Mainland China.
flask-jwt JWT for Flask applications
boxen A massive standard library of Puppet modules optimized for Boxen to manage everything from running MySQL to installing Minecraft, by Github Inc.
breezingforms Breezing Forms - Joomla's Form maker extension
foscommentbundle The FOSCommentBundle adds support for a comment system in Symfony2
secure-transport Apple's name for their implementation of Secure Sockets Layer and Transport Layer Security .
adler32 a fast checksum algorithm used in zlib to verify the results of decompression
adjacency-list-model null
hyperic application monitoring and performance management for virtual, physical, and cloud infrastructures.
motion-planning the task of finding a continuous, collision free, path for an robot through a workspace that may contains obstacle, or reporting that no such path exists.
ape-phylo an R package for performing phylogenetic analyses and plotting phylogenetic trees.
xpathnodeiterator null
xsom XML Schema Object Model
ebcli the short version of Elastic Beanstalk Command Line Interface
ebay-lms Ebay's Large Merchant Services.
platform-specific A piece of software, such as a program, a library or driver that only runs on a specific platform, such as Windows only, or Linux only.
grunt-ts A Grunt plugin that compiles TypeScript down to JavaScript for running in non-TypeScript environments.
mockup-tool create a quick graphical representation of a finished User Interface without the need to write any code
mockserver null
android-jsinterface an interface that allows calling of native code from an embedded Webkit Webview
android-make on questions related to files which are written to describe your C/C++ sources to the Android NDK build system.
ti-nspire a series of graphing calculators developed by Texas Instruments
tinymce-rails The tinymce-rails gem integrates the TinyMCE editor with the Rails asset pipeline.
android-scripting null
coin-or-cbc null
snoopy a PHP class that simulates a web browser
expresso Ultrapico .NET regex editor
genericsetup a Zope/cmf-based toolkit for managing site configuration
geodesic-sphere null
php-deployer a deployment tool written in PHP.
input-buffer Anything related to input buffers and correlated techniques, i.e
toolbars null
lvalue-to-rvalue for lvalue to rvalue conversion questions
compound-drawables null
lptstr L‌ong P‌ointer to a T‌CHAR STR‌ing
concave-hull null
conceptual-model the art of visualizing the conceptual model
dynamic-featured-image a WordPress Plugin that dynamically adds multiple featured image functionality to posts, pages and custom post types.
visual-programming null
dwoo a PHP5 template engine which is fully compatible with Smarty templates and plugins, but is written from scratch for PHP5, and adds many features.
gldrawpixels null
mean-shift null
soundchannel null
contribute null
sonarqube-api The SonarQube HTTP api allows to access SonarQube functionality via a json or protocol buffer interface.
meeting null
measureoverride null
binding.scala a data-binding framework for Scala, running on both JVM and Scala.js
bing-speech null
shutter null
shotgun a Ruby gem, an automatically reloading version of the rackup command that's shipped with Rack.
mysqladministrator null
spelevaluationexception null
fluid-styled-content null
for-else Questions about the loop rather than a conditional statement.
flotr a javascript plotting library based on the Prototype Javascript Framework 1.6+
flow-framework a web application framework developed in PHP, created to support Neos, a next generation content management system.
flow-scope a manually defined scope which spans multiple views.
floyd-cycle-finding For detecting the presence of cycle in linked list.
fluentautomation a simple, powerful automated testing framework for web applications
gdbm a key-value database
function-fitting null
element-ui a Vue 2.0 based component library
eclipse-tptp Eclipse Test & Performance Tools Platform
dynpro SAP Dynpro ABAP or Classic Dynpro is a legacy framework for constructing rich user interfaces with UI controls
edgar null
edid Extended display identification data is a data structure provided by a digital display to describe its capabilities to a video source .
drive-mapping null
dreamspark a Microsoft Program that supports technical education by providing access to Microsoft software for learning, teaching and research purposes.
draw.io an open source online diagramming application
ezplatform an open source professional PHP based CMS built on top of Symfony framework
exponentjs null
executionengineexception null
event-id null
endeca-workbench null
epm null
groovyclassloader a ClassLoader for loading Groovy classes.
grads The Grid Analysis and Display System
grails-config null
google-qpx-express-api QPX Express gives you global airline pricing and shopping in a single, standard API
gulp-clean-css A Gulp plugin that minifies css with clean-css
gulp-notify a crossplatform notification plugin for gulp.
haptic-feedback null
hana-studio an Eclipse-based IDE for SAP HANA.
genbank GenBank format consists of an annotation section and a sequence section
gem-bundler null
google-maps-urls null
instancetype null
instance-method null
ifdefine null
httpresponsecache null
mvvm-foundation a library of classes that are very useful when building applications based on the Model-View-ViewModel philosophy
mygeneration Questions regarding the MyGeneration code generator.
mvxbind null
nested-datalist a structure that is used for modeling hierarchy of datalist control
namespace-organisation null
negamax Variant form of minimax search that relies on the zero-sum property of a two-player game
non-volatile null
normalizing null
objectbrowser null
objectcache null
mongo-scala-driver null
monorepo a single repository containing more than one project .
mraid MRAID, or “Mobile Rich Media Ad Interface Definitions” is the IAB Mobile Marketing Center of Excellence’s project to define a common API for mobile rich media ads t…
msbuild-wpp Microsoft Web Publishing Pipeline
msdropdown JavaScript image dropdown - Fashioned select; possibility to assign an icon with each option
mscomm32 Question regarding mscomm32.ocx - an ActiveX control module that contains common controls
msde Microsoft SQL Server Data Engine also known as Microsoft Data Engine
mlpack set of tools for machine learning written in C++, and designed to be scalable, fast, and extensible
mlm is a special class of model object returned by `lm` function in R for fitting linear regression models
member-access null
manifest.cache HTML5 application caching mechanism
jak Java API for KML provides Java interfaces for easy access to KML data.
jasmine-reporters null
loopback-address a special IP number that is designated for the software loopback interface of a machine.
lorawan a specification for an appropriateness telecommunicationnetworks for long distance communication Meets Low Power
macromedia Macromedia was an American graphics and web development software company headquartered in San Francisco, California that produced such products as Flash and Dreamweaver
letters-and-numbers Characters that represent letters and numbers; also: converting between letters and numbers
libserial a C++ library for serial port programming on POSIX OSs.
chronic a natural language date/time parser written in pure Ruby.
cloudsight a fine-grained object recognition API capable of automated captioning, image classification, and detailed scene understanding
client-templates null
client-side-attacks a type of computer security vulnerability typically found in web applications
cerberus a lightweight and extensible data validation library for Python
cakeemail a CakePHP class to send email
boinc Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing is a middleware system for volunteer and Grid computing
biztalk-rule-engine The BizTalk Business Rules Engine provides a framework to implement business rules within a BizTalk application .
bigsql one of two connection environments to query data that is stored on an InfoSphere® BigInsights™ Hadoop cluster.
birt-emitter For questions about Eclipse BIRT emitters which generate reports in various formats for BIRT.
bitcore a JavaScript Bitcoin library.
bernoulli-probability Anything related to Bernoulli in the field of probability, such as Bernoulli random variables, Bernoulli probability distribution, Bernoulli random processes, etc.
batarang Extends the Chrome Developer Tools, adding tools for debugging and profiling AngularJS applications.
banana-pi a single-board computer made in China
ballerinalang a general purpose, concurrent and strongly typed programming language with both textual and graphical syntaxes, optimized for integration.
browser-state in relation to the storage of the current state of the website in a browser.
datemodified null
dali Eclipse Java Persistence Tools project that provides JPA and JAXB design-time validation, content assist, a rich UI, and generation wizards.
djgpp a complete 32-bit C/C++ development system for Intel 80386 PCs running DOS.
dltk a tool for vendors, researchers, and end-users who rely on dynamic languages.
django-swagger null
dist-zilla a Module development and release toolkit for the Perl Programming Language, which utilizes plugins to make mundane tasks easy to automate.
distribution-list null
django-custom-manager django-custom-manager refers to an ability to customize Django's default database Manager - an interface through which database query operations are provided to Django models
coqide written in OCaml.
contenttemplate null
core-api based on HTTP and OAuth and provides low-level calls to access and manipulate a user's Dropbox account.
czml a JSON format for describing a time-dynamic graphical scene, primarily for display in a web browser running Cesium
css-cascade CSS Cascade defines which value should be assigned to each property of each element.
cs-script a CLR based scripting system which uses ECMA-compliant C# as a programming language
column-oriented null
complex-networks a graph with non-trivial topological features which occur rarely in random graphs but often in real-world graphs such as social networks
post-update event fired on update of entity
shadowjar null
adobe-media-server a media server for streaming video, and the successor to the Flash Media Server .
advising-functions GNU Emacs functions can be extended by advising them
allocatable-array The bounds of an allocatable array are determined when it is allocated
autovacuum null
astoria the code name given to what is now WCF Data Services or ADO.NET Data Services
arch the Python package that contains routines to fit univariate volatility models, bootstrapping, multiple comparison procedures, and unit root tests
android-pdf-api Android APIs for manipulation of PDF content
app-engine-patch null
appery.io Enterprise cloud-based app builder and MBaaS
quick-nimble a for Swift and Objective-C, maintained by the team behind the Quick testing framework.
oxid a PHP5 / MySQL Onlineshop Platform created and maintained by the OXID eSales AG
package-lock.json null
gbk an extension of the GB2312 character set for simplified Chinese characters, used in the People's Republic of China.
root.plist null
rook a web server interface and software package for the language R.
rostering null
dfu intended to download and upload firmware to devices connected over USB
diagnostic-tools null
pass-by-const-reference null
surveillance null
itemcontainergenerator null
karel an introductory programming language in which one controls a simulated robot.
k8s null
kdevelop4 null
eggplant a suite of test automation tools that helps teams achieve greater productivity with fully automated performance/functional testing
buildaction null
bulk-operations null
ora-00900 The statement that you've tried to execute is not a valid SQL statement.
ora-01017 ORA-01017: invalid username/password; logon denied
cgpdfcontext null
patricia-trie a term for a specialised kind of Radix tree
differential-evolution In computer science, differential evolution is a method that optimizes a problem by iteratively trying to improve a candidate solution with regard to a given measure of quality
rospy a pure Python client library for the Robot Operating System
gcc3 Version 3.x of GCC
cwrsync an implementation of Rsync for Windows.
alternation Anything related to regular expressions alternation operation
ajaxpro one of the first AJAX frameworks available for Microsoft ASP.NET and is working with .NET 1.1 and 2.0.
apple-vpp Apple's Volume Purchase Program distributes iOS and OS X software to large-volume purchasers such as companies and educational institutions.
android-reboot null
android-monkey Questions related to use of monkey, a command-line tool in Android that allows developers to generate pseudo-random streams of user events such as clicks, touches, or gestures, as well as a number of …
apache-ace a software distribution framework that allows you to centrally manage and distribute software components, configuration data and other artifacts to target systems
asp.net-mvc-apiexplorer a portable, independent component designed to help you explore all actions of controller in an ASP.NET MVC project.
aurelia-dialog A dialog plugin for Aurelia
avaudiopcmbuffer null
avatars the graphical representation of the user or the user's alter ego or character.
alfresco-maven null
amazon-waf a web application firewall service that monitors web requests for Amazon CloudFront distributions and restricts access to content
afjsonrequestoperation a class for downloading and working with JSON response data
afhttpsessionmanager null
adal4j Azure Active Directory Authentication Library for Java
elasticlayout a CSS design technique which allows the content dimensions to adjust to the text size that users set for their browser.
postgres.app an application for running PostgreSQL on the Mac.
accepts-nested-attributes null
.net-standard-1.5 a version of
.net-1.0 The 1.0 version of the .NET Framework
componentlistener The listener interface for receiving component events
container-managed a technology within the Java Servlet Specification that takes care of authentication and role-based access to pages or sections of the web-app as specified by URL patterns.
colortransform null
code-visualization null
exceptionmapper JAX-RS contract for a provider that maps Java exceptions to Response.
exchange-transport-agents Exchange Server provides a library of classes that support the extension of the Exchange transport behavior and enable the reading, writing, and converting of content types
crystal-reports-2013 null
coverity-prevent a commercial static source code analyzer that looks for errors such as inconsistent NULL checks, dead code, unused return values, missing break statement, etc.
django-cron Django-cron lets you run Django/Python code on a recurring basis proving basic plumbing to track and execute tasks.
dirtyread null
direct-labels An R package for attaching labels to points, lines and contours in ggplot and lattice plots
django-sitemaps Django framework for generating sitemaps
dllmain automatically run when the DLL is loaded, just before it is unloaded, and whenever a process thread is started or exits cleanly.
document-view null
datashader Use for questions concerning the Python based Graphics Pipeline which is meant for building visualizations of large data sets.
btrieve a transactional database based on Indexed Sequential Access Method
botnet a collection of internet-connected programs communicating with other similar programs in order to perform tasks.
bootstrap-grid null
case-expression SQL equivalent for IIf or Switch/case constructs
basedon .NET function which gets or sets a defined style that is the basis of the current style.
beginreceive null
bnlearn an R package for learning the graphical structure of Bayesian networks, estimate their parameters and perform some useful inference.
caffeine an open source cache for Java 8 and above
wikimedia-commons an online repository of free-use images, sound and other media files
cobol85 a revision of ANSI COBOL 74 standard.
policy-injection null
castcompanionlibrary null
cfeclipse an open source integrated development environment extension to the Eclipse IDE
left-to-right Left to Right refers to the scripts of natural languages that are written and read from the left to the right, which most languages using the Latin alphabet — like English — are.
keymaps null
knockout-3.2 an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model pattern
keyboard-maestro an automation software for OSX designed to add shortcuts and to launch macros.
low-level-code null
jar-with-dependencies null
jbcrypt The Java implementation of OpenBSD's Blowfish password hashing code.
interlocked-increment Interlocked.Increment increments a specified variable and stores the result, as an atomic operation.
jigoshop an open-source content management system for eCommerce web sites based on WordPress.
matchtemplate used in order to find a smaller image in a bigger image
maven-reactor The reactor determines the correct build order from the dependencies stated by each project in their respective project descriptors, and will then execute a stated set of goals
mathcad computer software primarily intended for the verification, validation, documentation and re-use of engineering calculations
moai a Lua-based game engine used for cross-platform mobile development.
ms-access-data-macro Microsoft Access data macros enable you to add logic to events that occur in tables, such as adding, updating, or deleting data
monticello a distributed concurrent version control system for Squeak and Pharo Smalltalk
nested-properties null
hobo a plugin for Ruby on Rails that brings a number of extensions—some small some large—to Rails application development
hoare-logic null
hls.js a JavaScript library which implements an HTTP Live Streaming client
instancecontextmode null
inputscope null
insert-statement null
google-datatable null
get-method An HTTP Protocol request method.
git-rev-list Git command that lists commit objects in reverse chronological order
git-rerere The name stands for and as the name implies, it allows you to ask Git to remember how you've resolved a hunk conflict so that the next time it sees the same conflict, Git c…
gwt-2.7 a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
gui-toolkit null
graphene2 designed as set of extensions for Selenium WebDriver project focused on rapid development and usability in Java environment.
equivalence-classes Use equivalence-classes for questions related to decomposing a set into subsets in which each element produces a constant output given a constant input
enet ENet provides a relatively thin, simple and robust network communication layer on top of UDP
end-user null
ecmascript-intl ECMAScript Internationalization API
eaglcontext An EAGLContext object manages the state information, commands, and resources needed to draw using OpenGL ES.
editplus a text editor, HTML editor, PHP editor, Java editor and Hex Viewer for Windows
fritzbox Questions about the AVM FRITZ!Box router and it's software apis
gcutil a command-line tool that is used to manage your Google Compute Engine resources
form-parameter null
freebasic a free/open source , 32-bit & 64-bit BASIC compiler for Microsoft Windows and LInux and a 32-bit compile…
fastcgi-mono-server a FastCGI server for ASP.NET web applications
findwindowex null
flartoolkit null
flascc the second iteration of the Alchemy tool which allows C++ code to be compiled for execution in Flash Player
spiceworks a software development company headquartered in Austin, Texas
wixlib a collection of .wixobj files bundled together
nape a powerful, fast, and friendly 2D Rigid Body physics engine for AS3/Haxe
mysql-error-1442 ERROR 1442: Can’t update table ‘?′ in stored function/trigger because it is already used by statement which invoked this
nats.io a simple, high performance open source messaging system for cloud native applications, IoT messaging, and microservices architectures
natty null
siesta a JavaScript unit testing tool which perform testing of the DOM and simulate user interactions
3d-texture A 3D Texture stores multiple layers of a normal texture, thus requiring a three texture-coordinates
binary-reproducibility the goal or quality of consistently reproducing identical build output given identical source input, or often more specifically the goal of byte-for-byte identical executable files when built repeated…
aws-appsync AWS AppSync lets you build data-driven apps with real-time and offline-first capabilities based on GraphQL.
signaling null
mef2 Microsoft Extensibility Framework simplifies the design of extensible and modular applications.
libfreenect2 "Driver for Kinect for Windows v2 devices
abcpdf9 Tool for converting HTML to PDF
lumia a line of smartphones and tablet computers designed and marketed by Microsoft Mobile and previously by Nokia.
git-worktree null
inno-download-plugin a download plugin for Inno Setup
clang-tidy null
php-di a simple to use dependency injection container for PHP
php-resque a PHP port of Resque, a Redis-backed Ruby library for creating background jobs, placing those jobs on one or more queues, and processing them later.
genstrings null
geneva-framework the new name for the Geneva framework
asqueryable Converts IEnumerable to IQueryable
phpwkhtmltopdf A slim PHP wrapper around wkhtmltopdf with an easy to use and clean OOP interface
time-precision null
skydns Part of the SkyNetService : https://github.com/skynetservices/skydns
skos SKOS provides a standard data model to describe and interlink knowledge organization systems over the Web.
node-opcua null
node-rest-client null
ccw null
ecj Eclipse has implemented its own compiler called as Eclipse Compiler for Java
xpathdocument .NET class that provides a fast, read-only, in-memory representation of an XML document by using the XPath data model
apache-traffic-server a fast, scalable and extensible HTTP/1.1 compliant caching proxy server.
connection-pool null
motodev-studio for questions related to Moto Dev Studio or Apps being developed using Moto dev studio
stackage a stable source of Haskell packages
move-assignment-operator null
preg-grep a PHP function to filter array entries that match a regular expression.
rst2pdf a PDF front-end for Docutils that is compatible with the rst2*.py front ends of the Docutils suite
adhoc-queries a query that cannot be determined prior to the moment the query is issued
secondlife an online virtual world game created by Linden Lab.
broadband null
box-view-api Box View converts PDF and Office documents to HTML thus enabling these files to be easily embedded into web and mobile applications.
webproject null
flexibility null
griddler a Rails engine that provides an endpoint for the SendGrid parse api, Cloudmailin parse api, and Postmark parse api that hands off a built email object to a class implemented by you.
idp null
kissxml null
google-elevation-api The Google Maps Elevation API provides a simple interface to query locations on the earth for elevation data
spring-mobile an extension of the Spring Framework and Spring Web MVC that aims to simplify the development of mobile web applications.
springsource-dm-server null
jquery-delegate a function within jQuery JS framework, that attaches events to the specified elements within specified existing root element, even if they do not exist at the time events are attached…
system-alert-window Allows an app to create windows using the type TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT, shown on top of all other apps
npruntime null
db-schema for questions regarding the ER tool DbSchema
dbproj dbproj refers to Microsoft Sql Database Projects cerca VS2010
desktop-wallpaper null
scalapb a protocol buffer compiler plugin for Scala
faces-flow JSF Faces Flow as defined since JSF 2.2.
cssom CSSOM defines APIs for Media Queries, Selectors, and CSS itself.
image-extraction null
imageflow null
repositorylookupedit null
gettickcount a function in the Windows API that retrieves the number of milliseconds that have elapsed since the computer started
requirejs-define null
ggpubr An R package to prepare publication ready plots based on the ggplot2 plotting system.
hamachi a hosted VPN service from LogMeIn primarily used for NAT bypassing
little-o In algorithmic analysis, little-o notation is used to quantitatively state that one function grows strictly slower than another function.
anti-join An anti-join, also called an excluding-join or left-outer-join, comes from requesting data from a table where some value is not in another table
wcf-wshttpbinding null
threecsg a JavaScript wrapper for the csg.js library enabling the use of constructive solid geometry boolean operations with Three.js.
thread-sanitizer a data race detector for C/C++ programs.
thick-client null
ttlauncherview null
ttml a W3C XML dialect for creating captions or subtitles for videos.
high-voltage a gem used for serving static pages in Ruby on Rails applications
uiviewpropertyanimator null
etrade-api null
errortemplate null
art-runtime a new Android runtime being introduced experimentally in the Google's Android 4.4 release.
xidel a command line tool to download html/xml pages and extract data from them using CSS 3 selectors, XPath 2 expressions or pattern-matching templates.
drupal-fivestar The Fivestar voting module adds a clean, attractive voting widget to node and comments in Drupal 6, and any entity in Drupal 7.
pyroot a Python extension module that allows the user to interact with any `ROOT` class from the Python interpreter.
python-3.1 For issues relating to development in Python, version 3.1
chewy-gem an ODM and wrapper for the official Elasticsearch client, sponsored by Toptal
boost-coroutine Boost.Coroutine provides templates for generalized subroutines which allow suspending and resuming execution at certain locations
boonex-dolphin a commercial software suite for building community and social media oriented websites.
boost-tokenizer The Boost.Tokenizer C++ library provides a flexible and easy to use way to break a string or other character sequence into a series of tokens.
reactfx a Java library by Tomas Mikula that extends upon the JDK's JavaFX library
jrails a small library which replaces the Prototype/script.aculo.us helper functions with the lighter jQuery library.
jquery-webcam-plugin The jQuery webcam plugin by Robert Eisele is a transparent layer to communicate with a camera directly in JavaScript.
s3distcp null
application-client A java SE client which runs through the ACC on Glassfish to access EJB's.
angularjs-ng-value Binds the given expression to the value of <option> or input, so that when the element is selected, the ngModel of that element is set to the bound value.
font-embedding null
god-object an object that knows too much or does too much
type-constructor In type theory and Haskell, an entity that specifies a type in terms of parameters; equivalently, a paramaterized data type
viewwithtag null
vimgrep null
viewrendering null
logging-application-block null
pangocairo a part of Pango that enables creation of Pango contexts on Cairo surfaces.
windows-media-encoder a powerful production tool for compressing audio and video content into a format that is suitable for streaming over the Internet, downloading onto users' computers, …
windowsformhost An element that allows you to host a Windows Forms control on a WPF page.
horizontal-accordion null
instantsearch.js For Algolia InstantSearch.js library issues and questions.
iron-ajax null
cosm an online database service provider allowing developers to connect sensor data to the web and to build their own applications on it.
http4s a minimal, idiomatic Scala interface for HTTP services.
http-etag Http Entity tag for versioning and caching.
ranged-loops Nowadays, almost every programming language has a convenient way to write a for loop over a range of values
vendor-branch null
msi-patch a file used to deliver updates to Windows Installer applications.
common-dialog null
azure-ad-b2b null
rhino-security a row level security framework for NHibernate.
rhq an open source systems monitoring and management solution
riak-ts a distributed NoSQL key/value store optimized for time series data
rich-client-platform null
fulfillment null
jsr82 JSR 82 - Java ME API for Bluetooth
heap-fragmentation null
yii-validation null
hazelcast-jet a distributed computing platform for low-latency stream and batch processing
heads-up-notifications High-priority notifications introduced in Android 5.0
hdrimages null
hbm2java when using hbm2java for Hibernate Class Generation
x-xsrf-token null
yap a Prolog system developed since 1985 at the Universities of Porto and Rio de Janeiro
ws4py a `python` package implementing the `WebSocket` protocol as defined in RFC 6455
wsgiref null
wordpress-admin intended to be used for questions regarding the WordPress admin interface / WordPress backend .
wx.textctrl a text control in wxWidgets that allows text to be displayed and edited
xcode8-beta2 null
clock-synchronization null
cloudera-sentry null
credit-card-track-data null
angular-compiler null
authy a Twilio service to implement two-factor authentication
piracy-protection Strategies to protect an application / software from being copied or used without permission.
pljava a free add-on module that brings Java™ Stored Procedures, Triggers, and Functions to the PostgreSQL™ backend.
perl-tidy Perl::Tidy parses and beautifies Perl source code.
python-cryptography null
pycryptodome null
pxssh refers to the pxssh python library - used for creating and using SSH via a python script.
project-online null
opkg a lightweight package Management System based upon ipkg
optimizer-hints null
optical-mark-recognition Optical Mark Recognition or Optical Mark Reading is the capturing of data through an optical device from a predefined format.
opendialog null
occlusion-culling null
parslet a parsing Ruby library based on PEG
pagerjs The Single Page Application Framework for KnockoutJS
parrot a virtual machine designed to efficiently compile and execute bytecode for dynamic languages
page.js Micro client-side router inspired by the Express router
overlapping-instances Questions related to GHC haskell's `OverlappingInstances` extension
outputdebugstring for sending a text to the attached debugger, if any.
rlike For issues relating to the RLIKE synonym for the REGEXP MySQL operator.
routelink null
runjags runjags: Interface Utilities, Model Templates, Parallel Computing Methods and Additional Distributions for MCMC Models in JAGS
set-cover the problem of selecting a minimum number of sets so that these sets combined contain all the elements found in some reference set.
setx a command to set something to Windows registry or system variables through Windows Command-Line or Batch-Files.
server-side-swift null
server-migration simply the act of moving your server data and configuration from one server to another
sequencematcher null
searchable-plugin null
responder-chain null
quadratic-probing an open addressing scheme in computer programming for resolving collisions in hash tables
python-keyring Python library for accessing a system's native keyring service
radupload a set of three controls for uploading files and monitoring the progress of uploads
window-load null
word-2016 a commercial document editing program is widely used for creating richly formatted documents for printing and distribution.
window-style null
webtop null
web-compiler null
web-feature-service The Open Geospatial Consortium Web Feature Service Interface Standard provides an interface allowing requests for geographical features across the web using platform-independent calls.
vlc-qt null
visiblox a company that develops a WPF Chart component
wash-out Ruby gem for creating SOAP service providors
von-neumann one of the founding fathers of computing and a major 20th century mathematician
virtual-disk null
ucfirst a function which replaces the first letter of words in a string by their uppercase equivalent.
typo3-tca This global array in TYPO3 defines the editable database tables and the relationship between them and how the fields in tables are rendered in backend forms and processed in the TCE and so on.
update-all null
taskstackbuilder Utility class for constructing synthetic back stacks for cross-task navigation on Android 3.0 and newer.
tabbed-interface null
system.array Serves as the base class for arrays
syncml to offer an open standard as a replacement for existing data synchronization solutions, which have mostly been somewhat vendor-, application- or operating system specific
textout null
tfhpple Hpple: A nice Objective-C wrapper on the XPathQuery library for parsing HTML.
svn-propset Questions regarding SVN propset operations.
swagger-node-express Swagger module for the Express web application framework for Node.js
sublimecodeintel a code intelligence and smart autocomplete engine for Sublime Text 2.
svg-android A very small libary to support vector graphics for Android
string-table null
sqlbuilder null
socketcluster an open source realtime WebSocket framework powered by Node.js
smartassembly A obfuscation, crash reporting, and feature usage reporting tool for .NET from Red-Gate Software Ltd.
slowmotion null
smacss more style guide than rigid framework.
skcameranode null
sketching null
software-serial null
software-collections For questions using or packaging software collections .
smartthings a connected, open hardware platform for the Internet of Things, most specifically home automation.
sharpbox a .NET library that abstracts existing proprietary cloud storage technologies under a clear, easy to use and reliable API available on the most important platforms in the industry
signedness null
specfiles A structured text file that provides build and installation information for a software to be packaged in an RPM with the rpmbuild command.
spring-boot-configuration null
strsep null
strophe.js null
subst null
sublime-build a cross-platform text and source code editor written by Jon Skinner
sweeper rails caching constructs that allow changes to models to sweep cache contents, so keeping the cache entries in sync with data
throbber a graphic found in a graphical user interface of a computer program that animates to show the user that the program is performing an action
termux null
tensorflow-xla a domain-specific compiler for linear algebra that optimizes TensorFlow computations
syncservices null
sysml a general purpose modeling language to specify and analyze systems from several relevant points of view http://www.omgsysml.org/
system-paths null
system-verilog-dpi Direct Programming Interface from SystemVerilog
target-audience null
update-statement modify data.
userdetailsservice null
unapply null
unattended-processing null
unichar null
ubsan a fast undefined behavior detector for Clang and GCC
uiprintpagerenderer A UIPrintPageRenderer object draws pages of content that are to be printed, with or without the assistance of print formatters
toml a language designed for configuring software
trivial generic or very specific.
trigraphs null
train-test-split null
twisted.conch an SSHv2 implementation written in Python.
tweener null
video-game-consoles machines designed primarily for playing video games
visual-c++-2008-express The 2008 release of Microsoft Visual C++ Express, a C and C++ compiler for Windows
webdb a database application designed to be managed and accessed through the internet.
watir-classic a Watir driver for automating Internet Explorer via the WIN32OLE.
webforms-routing Routing related to Webforms
webgrease a suite of tools for optimizing javascript, css files and images.
winmd null
radtextbox null
rasterio Clean and fast and geospatial raster I/O for Python programmers who use Numpy
radius-protocol Remote Authentication Dial In User Service, a protocol that allows for different management types.
rb-appscript null
python-jedi an autocompletion library for Python.
qiime an open source software package for comparison and analysis of microbial communities.
qlocalsocket a class in Qt framework to create local sockets mostly used for IPC.
qquickview In the QT framework, the QQuickView class provides a window for displaying a Qt Quick user interface.
referenceproperty null
recordstore class in Java ME MIDP API - javax.microedition.rms.RecordStore
refactoring-databases null
scrumboard The board to review the progress of a sprint
sdist null
scrollrect null
setdefault null
setup.exe InstallShield­ / Windows Installer setup file.
runonce denotes question regarding RunOnce feature of Windows system - a specific branch of Windows Registry, where developers and application installers put paths to programs that should be executed…
scaleanimation An animation that controls the scale of an object
routedata null
rmaps An R package to create, customize and publish interactive maps from R.
rowdetails null
outer-apply null
partial-mocks null
periodicity Questions about periodicity, an interval of time
perfect-square an element of algebraic structure which is equal to the square of another element.
pbxproj null
open-graph-beta null
online-compilation Convert source code to binary online.
opera-dragonfly an open-source debug tool bundled with the Opera browser
privilege-elevation null
private-network In the Internet addressing architecture, a private network is a network that uses private IP address space, following the standards set by RFC 1918 for Internet Protocol Version 4 , and RFC 4193…
prism-2 null
privatefontcollection null
prado A component-based, event-driven programming and ASP.NET syntax similar framework for developing Web applications in PHP 5.
python-imageio null
phonegap-facebook-plugin when you ask a question about the official phonegap-facebook-plugin: https://github.com/Wizcorp/phonegap-facebook-plugin
piccolo Piccolo2d is a toolkit that supports the development of 2D structured graphics programs, in general, and Zoomable User Interfaces , in particular.
png-24 PNG files with RGB and optional GIF-style transparency.
nimbus-ios an iOS framework whose feature set grows only as fast as its documentation.
laravel-snappy null
amazon-fps Amazon Flexible Payments ServiceTM is a payments service built on top of Amazon’s scalable payments infrastructure.It provides developers with a convenient way to charge Amazon’s customer…
sailfish-os a mobile operating system built on top of the Meego fork called the Mer project
s5 for samsung galaxy s5
vue-i18n Use when referencing the vue-i18n plugin for Vue.js
nexusdb an SQL database engine, embedded and stand-alone.
reader-macro a way to program the Common Lisp reader
read-committed-snapshot null
backgrounding the act of executing an application while it is in the background.
relative-date null
enrich-my-library a design pattern for Scala that allows to add functionality to existing classes by implicitly converting one class into another that supplies the new capab…
cloudberry NOT FOR GENERAL CLOUDBERRY PRODUCT SUPPORT
kubernetes-go-client null
telerik-charting null
telerik-combobox null
lambda-architecture a data-processing architecture designed to handle massive quantities of data by taking advantage of both batch- and stream-processing methods.
land-of-lisp an educational comic that teaches readers how to program in Common Lisp.
commandfield null
commodore Commonly used name for Commodore Business Machines , home computer and electronics manufacturer which also housed Commodore International Limited
commission-junction an Affiliate Marketing provider for web-sites.
xcode6-beta5 null
xcode6.3.1 Apple's integrated development environment
xcglogger A debug log framework for Swift.
wsman a DMTF open standard defining a SOAP-based protocol for management of various entities
xml-encoding null
xeround Xeround provides a cloud database service for applications based on the open source edition of the MySQL database.
xmlroot null
jsr305 Annotations for Software Defect Detection
zend-file null
protobuf-csharp-port a binary serialization format and technology, released to the open source community by Google in 2008
protocol-relative URLs beginning with //
azure-container-registry Manage a Docker private registry as a first-class Azure resource.
common-service-locator null
processor-architecture null
linkedmdb a database of movie-related information exposed in RDF which can be queried using SPARQL.
limiting null
msmessage iOS Message Objects used by Message Extensions.
mson Markdown Syntax for Object Notation
version-detection null
qtdeclarative Questions related to the QtDeclarative module that provides a declarative framework for building highly dynamic, custom user interfaces.
httpinvoker a Spring-specific remoting option that essentially enables RPC over HTTP.
testfairy a tool for monitoring and following up testing of Android and iOS applications.
push.js Push Push.js is the engine that connects Ratchet pages together with AJAX and the history api
html-treebuilder Parser that builds a HTML syntax tree.
transmitfile null
cosu null
cornice Cornice provides helpers to build & document REST-ish Web Services with Pyramid, with decent default behaviors
intel-atom the brand name for a line of ultra-low-voltage IA-32 and Intel 64 CPUs from Intel.
redmon a port monitor that redirects a special printer port to a program
pandas-to-sql Pandas DataFrame method that writes the object's records to a SQL database
pants a build system for software
android-cards null
urlrewriting.net an Open Source Component for easy and reliable rewriting URLs with ASP.NET
j-interop a Java Open Source library that implements the DCOM wire protocol to enable development of Pure, Bi-Directional, Non-Native Java applications which can interoperate w…
osm2pgsql null
petalinux a Linux distribution targeting the Xilinx systems
peverify a tool that checks if .NET assemblies meet type safety requirements.
ordered-test A feature of Visual Studio used for strategically executing tests in order, an ordered test is a container that holds other tests and guarantees that tests run in a specific order.
google-voice-actions null
gossip a style of computer-to-computer communication protocol inspired by the form of gossip seen in social networks.
gopath used to specify directories outside of $GOROOT that contain the source for Go projects and their binaries.
gp a mid-market business accounting software or ERP Software package.
rust-obsolete Versions of Rust predating 1.0 can have drastically different syntax and semantics
worklight-mtww IBM Mobile Test Workbench for Worklight automates the creation, execution, and analysis of functional tests for IBM Worklight native and hybrid applications on Android and iOS devices.
rcu null
r-daisy a function from the cluster package, calculating all the pairwise dissimilarities between observations in the data set.
boost-unordered a C++ library implementing containers intended to mimic C++11's unordered associative containers
checklist-model an Angular directive to bind a list of checkboxes to an array.
boost-format The Boost Format Library provides a class for formatting arguments according to a format-string
chrome-dev-editor a developer tool for building apps on the Chrome platform - Chrome Apps and Web Apps.
tactionmanager a non visual component used to manage and display all actions of a Delphi application
openafs an open source implementation of the AFS distributed file system
default-browser the web browser that is launched whenever a url link is clicked in an application.
define-syntax null
drupal-entities the term that in Drupal 7 is used for nodes, comments, taxonomy terms, and users
drop-database null
escript designed to describe the various steps in adding support for a new programming language to Eclipse.
swing-highlighter Questions about javax.swing.text.Highlighter.
object-expected null
objectpool null
objective-c-nullability should be used for questions about the nullability annotations added to Objective-C with Xcode 6.3.
threadcontext null
wddx an XML dialect for web services
weakmap a data structure composed of key/value pairs in which the keys are assigned using weak references, which means that the bindings of each pair will be removed once the references to the ke…
jcc C++ code generator of wrappers for Java libraries
jboss-forge a software development tool that extends your Java IDE, providing wizards and extensions for different technologies and solutions.
wcf-proxy null
jdbc-postgres the JBDC driver for the PostgreSQL database system.
antivirus-integration null
gwt-hosted-mode null
request-queueing null
reportgenerator ReportGenerator converts XML reports generated by PartCover, OpenCover or NCover into a readable report.
bcdedit a command-line tool for managing BCD stores
vsts-extension null
facebook-recommendations A facebook plugin: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/plugins/recommendations
scala-2.12 Version 2.12 of the Scala programming language.
docker-network null
docfx a tool, to create documentation from visual studio projects and mixing them with custom articles using markdown: https://dotnet.github.io/docfx/
nsarchiving null
nsbrowser a Cocoa control that breaks down items hierarchically.
system.io.compression a compression library for handling zip files and other formats built into .NET framework 4.5 or greater.
jquery-1.6 a fast and concise JavaScript Library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating, and Ajax interactions for rapid web development.
google-keep A cloud-based note storage application from Google Apps that can store voice notes, lists, images, and use widgets.
google-iam null
google-groups-settings With the Google Apps Groups Settings API account-level administrators can manage the group settings for your Google Apps account.
spring-js null
spring-gem Rails application preloader
unity3d-ui For questions regarding the UI system of Unity game engine.
scala-spark null
kmalloc The kmalloc function performs fast dynamic memory allocation and is part of the Linux Kernel API.
klout an influence tracking site that mines data social networking services.
kleisli an operator to compose monadic functions
uiimageasset null
uicollectionviewflowlayout null
uicontrolstate null
ido-mode Emacs mode for files
multipoint null
multiviews null
multivalue-database a type of NoSQL and multidimensional database, typically considered synonymous with PICK, a database originally developed as the Pick operating system
mail-gem null
identity-map a design pattern used for optimizing object look up and maintaining a consistent view of data within a specific context
greenmail an open source, test suite of email servers for testing purposes.
flexicious The Flexicious DataGrid is a Flex 3rd party data grid component.
scratchpad null
nunit-2.5.9 For issues relating creating and running unit tests using NUnit, version 2.5.9.
numpy-random The `random` package within `numpy` deals with generating numbers or symbols according to well-known probability functions.
flightphp a fast, simple, extensible framework for PHP
brooklyn an open source framework for modelling, monitoring, and managing applications through autonomic blueprints.
sectionindexer null
forward-engineer Forward engineering refers to the process of taking a less-complex abstraction and using it to build a more complex implementation.
fortran2008 the latest Standard of the Fortran programming language
rsvg null
premultiplied-alpha multiplied by alpha value
hyperloop Appcellerator's compiler which converts a custom version of Javascript into native code.
mousemotionevent null
console-input related to inputting data through the console, or command-line, instead of a GUI.
x-tag a small JavaScript library, created and supported by Mozilla, that enhances and simplifies development of Web Components.
xsb a Prolog dialect developed at Stony Brook University in collaboration with the Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, the New University of Lisbon, Uppsala University and software vendor XSB, Inc.
echo-cancellation null
eclipse-formatter a tool for performing automatic styling of code in Eclipse.
eclipse-fp a set of Eclipse plugins for Haskell development.
eclipse-jee Eclipse IDE for Java EE Developers - Tools for Java developers creating Java EE and Web applications, including a Java IDE, tools for Java EE, JPA, JSF, Mylyn, EGit and others.
catmull-rom-curve null
catransform3drotate null
catransformlayer used to create true 3D layer hierarchies, rather than the flattened hierarchy rendering model used by other CALayer classes.
ohm A gem for mapping Ruby objects to Redis.
okuma is for THINC API development and machine programming questions.
pivot-without-aggregate Pivot a table that has no numeric values that can be used to aggregate its columns with.
non-admin null
platform-sdk null
grunt-contrib-qunit a Grunt task that enables running QUnit unit tests in a headless PhantomJS instance.
guard-statement used to transfer program control out of a scope if one or more conditions aren’t met.
androidsvg a free library for parsing and rendering SVG files on Android.
soaphttpclientprotocol null
genesys a provider for multi-channel customer experience and contact center solutions
totality null
touchesended for questions related to touchesEnded:withEvent, a UIResponder event-handling method in the UIKit framework and MonoTouch.UIKit Namespace.
phpeclipse plug-in feature for the Eclipse development framework.
php-cpp null
phpcrawl a framework for crawling/spidering websites written in the programming language PHP.
geometry-instancing null
comsol a finite element program used in engineering and physics
abbr mark-up abbreviations .
7bit original bit length of the ASCII standard providing up to 128 characters.
dyalog refers to the APL-Interpreter developed and sold by British company Dyalog Ltd.
lib.web.mvc a library which contains some helper classes for ASP.NET MVC such as strongly typed jqGrid helper, XSL transformation HtmlHelper/ActionResult, FileResult with range request support, cus…
mechanicalsoup a Python library for automated web browsing and form handling
mecab an open-source tokenizer and morphological analyser for Japanese, implemented in C++
aws-ebs for questions related to Amazon Elastic Block Store , which provides block level storage volumes for use with EC2 instances.
aws-codestar a cloud-based service for creating, managing, and working with software development projects on AWS.
binary-deserialization null
bindservice null
binarystream null
inches null
winrun4j a java launcher for windows
spectrumjs a JavaScript color picker plugin using the jQuery framework.
filtered-lookup null
fieldcollapsing an Solr Feature to group Results comming from Sol http://wiki.apache.org/solr/FieldCollapsing
ffdshow DirectShow and VFW codec for decoding/encoding many video and audio formats, including DivX and XviD movies using libavcodec, xvid and other opensourced libraries with a rich set of postpro…
fail-fast Anything related to fail-fast error management strategy, i.e
frameset-iframe null
flowpanel null
flowdocumentscrollviewer null
fluentvalidation-2.0 null
fuzzer a tool used to provide invalid and unexpected data to the inputs of a program in order to obtain crashes, memory leaks or invalid program states.
fuzzy-c-means used in cluster analysis which is in the same sense as fuzzy logic.
elementary null
ecos A small-footprint real-time operating system intended for use in embedded systems across multiple architectures.
drawingcache null
drawinrect null
drawtobitmap null
dsx an interactive, collaborative, cloud-based environment where data scientists can use multiple tools to activate their insights
dynamic-links null
encoder-decoder null
envi Application for processing and analyzing geospatial imagery, maintained and licensed by Exelis Visual Information Solutions.
grails-3.0.9 Web application framework, Groovy version of Ruby on Rails, to use in Java development
gulp-4 null
gulp-replace null
groupwise a messaging and collaborative software platform from Novell that supports email, calendaring, personal information management, and instant messaging.
gruff a graphing/infographics library for Ruby that can be used as a standalone gem or as part of Rails.
guideline-support-library The Guidelines Support Library contains functions and types that are suggested for use by the C++ Core Guidelines maintained by the Standard C++ Foundation.
git-plumbing a set of low-level Git commands that are ideal for scripting purposes.
getcaretpos null
gendarme a tool to find defects inside .NET applications and libraries.
geneos A monitoring tool from ITRS.
google-data null
google-cloud-monitoring Google Cloud Monitoring provides dashboards and alerts for cloud-powered applications.
google-cloud-iam null
gmaven GMaven provides integration of Groovy into Maven.
input-language null
information-visualization null
helper-functions null
http-status-code-303 Redirect to a new URI after a POST
nand2tetris For questions regarding the Nand2Tetris course assignments by Shimon Schocken and Noam Nisan
myrrix a complete, real-time, scalable recommender system, evolved from Apache Mahout
mvchtmlstring null
nsdialogs a plugin plus a set of macros that allow the creation of custom pages in an NSIS installer on top of the built-in pages, with any type of controls in any order and arrangement
nl-classifier null
nntool null
morph-x The integrated development environment in ***Microsoft Dynamics AX*** is called *MorphX*
moniker null
multihomed increase the reliability of the Internet connection for an IP network.
ms-access-web-app database applications with a reduced set of features that can be designed and modified in Microsoft Access 2013 and be used in a standard web browser.
mod-proxy-html an output filter to rewrite HTML links in a proxy situation, to ensure that links work for users outside the proxy
mod-plsql an Oracle HTTP Server extension module that allows developers to create dynamic web pages from PL/SQL packages and stored procedures within the database.
mknod null
mbedtls mbed TLS makes it trivially easy for developers to include cryptographic and SSL/TLS capabilities in their products, facilitating this functionality with a mini…
matchmaking null
melpa a growing collection of package.el-compatible Emacs Lisp packages built automatically on the server from the upstream source code using simple recipes.
mem-fun null
isapi-extension null
ispf ISPF is a software product for the z/OS operating system that runs on IBM mainframes
lottie-android null
magenta Questions related to the Magenta project from the Google Brain team
linq-to-xsd The LINQ to XSD technology provides .NET developers with support for typed XML programming.
linq-to-json An API to work with JSON objects.
keyguardlock null
k an array processing language used in the Kdb database
known-folders constants that represents folders with a special meaning
libxl a C++ library that can read and write Excel files
clipboard-interaction null
point-sprites null
polymer-1.x null
pointerlock Pointer lock provides input methods based on the movement of the mouse over time, not just the absolute position of the mouse cursor.
cmb2 a Wordpress library to facilitate creation of custom meta-values and meta-boxes.
embedded-flashplayer null
caddyfile The term Caddyfile describes a text file that changes how an instance of the Caddy web server works.
cachegrind Cachegrind simulates how your program interacts with a machine's cache hierarchy and branch predictor
bluemix-app-scan IBM Security AppScan enhances web application security and mobile application security, improves application security program management and strengthens regulatory compliance.
ber The Basic Encoding Rules were the original rules laid out by the ASN.1 standard for encoding abstract information into a concrete data stream
azure-node-sdk null
azure-pack The Windows Azure Pack for Windows Server provides a solution for enterprises looking to act as service providers
carbon-copy Widely used denotation for sending an email copy to other recipients
camera-api The Android framework supports capturing images and video through the android.hardware.camera2 API or camera Intent
cakephp-2.8 For use with cakephp2.8 specific problems
calico A multi-language computation framework
browsable null
bsddb the Python interface to the Berkeley DB embedded database library.
business-layer a typical software engineering artifact within a Multitier architecture
burrows-wheeler-transform an algorithm used in data compression.
datechooser null
dcommit the command used by git-svn to commit changes to a subversion repository.
dcount null
dpi-aware used for Windows Applications that behave correctly in high DPI windows mode
documents4j a library for converting documents into a different format using a pure Java API
django-rest-framework-jwt null
django-treebeard a pluggable django app that implements efficient tree implementations
distro null
crouton-os a set of scripts that bundle up into an easy-to-use, Chromium OS-centric chroot generator.
csp null
cygpath For issues relating to the cygpath path converter utility.
curry-howard the direct relationship between computer programs and proofs in programming language theory and proof theory.
cusp-library A library for sparse linear algebra and graph computations on CUDA.
coderush-xpress a free Visual Studio code refactoring add-in for C# developers
compiled-language primarily implemented by using a compiler, i.e
compc Command-line compiler to compile MXML and AS files into SWF and SWC files
com-interface null
powerbuilder.net null
acoustics a branch of physics studying the properties of sounds
sharepointadmin null
elasticsearch-dsl-py null
shape-recognition null
activex-exe null
alice-fixtures null
amslidemenu null
avmetadataitem An AVMetadataItem object represents an item of metadata associated with an audiovisual asset or with one of its tracks
atg-droplet a combination of Servlets and javaBeans used while building ATG dynamo applications.
android-open-accessory The Android Open Accessory protocol allows external USB hardware to interact with an Android-powered device in a special accessory mode.
alt.js A library for managing data within JavaScript applications
packageinstaller PackageInstaller offers the ability to install, upgrade, and remove applications on the Android devices.
custom-pipeline-component Microsoft BizTalk or SSIS custom pipeline components
custom-rom null
ovf an open standard for packaging and distributing virtual appliances or more generally software to be run in virtual machines.
gcc-extensions GCC provides extensions not found in ISO standard C or C++.
gaelyk a lightweight Groovy toolkit for Google App Engine Java.
dia-sdk The Microsoft Debug Interface Access Software Development Kit provides access to debug information stored in program database files generated by Microsoft postcompiler tools.
path-2d an interface used to declare two dimensional paths on an HTML <canvas> element
message-forwarding null
cfg null
ora-00923 ORA-00923: FROM keyword not found where expected
ora-12154 ORA-12154: TNS:could not resolve the connect identifier specified
ora-12170 ORA-12170: TNS:Connect timeout occurred
kamon null
iweb iWeb was a template-based WYSIWYG website creation tool developed by Apple Inc that has now been discontinued.
iusertype null
ivalidatableobject null
itextg a port of iText, created for use on Android and Google App Engine
keccak A cryptographic hash algorithm which uses a sponge construction
build-process-template null
ef-model-builder null
cgdb a lightweight curses interface to the GNU Debugger
mermaid a markup language for generating diagrams and flowcharts.
pathtoolongexception a C# exception that is thrown when a path or file name is longer than the system-defined maximum length.
sunrpc a set of services used by many Unix systems, like NFS .
uses null
cffunction null
gated-recurrent-unit a type of unit in a recurrent neural network.
roundhouse an automated database deployment system.
rocket a new container runtime, designed for composability, security, and speed.
quora a community-driven question-and-answer website with a JSON-based API.
cview null
ajaxmin A tool by Microsoft that reduces the size of files
angular-ng-class null
avro-tools null
assistive-technology primarily used by people with disabilities to assist or allow them to use various technologies.
askbot a open source StackOverflow-like Q&A forum
asl a set of libraries developed by Adobe initially for their own use in the applications they publish and which they made open source.
alipay a chinese third-party online payment solution.
alpakka the collective name for various Akka Streams connectors, integration patterns, and data transformations.
elasticsearch.js an Open Source , Distributed, RESTful, Search Engine built on top of Lucene
ejml a linear algebra library for manipulating dense matrices
pound a lightweight open source reverse proxy program and application firewall.
post-parameter null
3d.io null
powerdns for questions related to PowerDNS, an open source DNS.
.net-standard-1.4 a version of
compiler-specific null
compojure-api Stuff on top of Compojure for making sweet web apis.
complex-data-types null
codepro Java software testing tool owned by Google.
color-coding related to just text then the tag `syntax-highlighting` might be a better choice
exchange-server-2016 Microsoft released the milestone for Exchange Server 2016 on October 1, 2015
excel.application Use to focus your question on the use of an Excel.Application object outside of Excel's own VBA
cyk an efficient algorithm for determining whether a string is in the language generated by a context-free grammar
d3.geo the core geographic system and map making tool on D3js.
directory-walk null
django-voting null
djnativeswing The DJ Native Swing library allows an easy integration of some native components into Swing applications, and provides some native utilities to enhance Swing's APIs.
doi Digital object identifier, an international standard for document identification
dojo-dnd For issues relating to the dojo/dnd Dojo package for basic user interface concepts of “drag and drop”.
dojox.gfx a collection of subprojects provided by Dojo committers .Projects may or may not depend on other top-level Dojo projects, like Dojo or Dijit
datavisualization.toolkit null
dapper-contrib Dapper.Contrib contains a number of helper methods for inserting, getting, updating and deleting records.
daq-mx NI-DAQmx driver software goes far beyond a basic DAQ driver to deliver increased productivity and performance.
database-sequence a number generator that produces unique numbers in a scalable and concurrency safe way.
bufferedstream null
c#-interactive This covers the interactive programming model supported by the C# interactive window in Visual Studio and the command line C# interactive compiler.
cartogram a map where surfaces are proportional to a given statistical variable.
bank-conflict a latency problem due to multi-threaded access to a shared memory system
bitcoin-testnet an alternative blockchain, used for testing
blog-engine null
bits-service Background Intelligent Transfer Service is a component of Microsoft Windows XP and later operating systems that facilitates prioritized, throttled, and asynchronous transfer of files between ma…
weld-se null
cmdb a database storing information about equipment and their relationships in IT installations
cm-synergy a software tool that provides software configuration management capabilities for all artifacts related to software development including source code, documents and images as …
polymer-2.0 null
polymer-designer-tool Polymer Designer Tool
c++-winrt a standard C++ language projection for the Windows Runtime based on https://moderncpp.com/
c++builder-xe3 The 2012 version of Embarcadero C++ Builder, a 32- and 64-bit Windows C++ IDE and compiler
c4.5 a decision tree algorithm invented by Ross Quinlan in 1993.
chruby a command-line tool for changing the currently active Ruby version.
chromium-os an open-source project that aims to build an operating system that provides a fast, simple, and more secure computing experience for people who spend most of their time on the web
cegui a C++ graphical user interface library
lenskit an open source toolkit for building and researching recommender systems.
knox-gateway a REST API Gateway for interacting with Apache Hadoop clusters.
konacha Konacha is a Rails engine that allows you to test your JavaScript with the Mocha test framework and chai assertion library
jwi a Java library for interfacing with the Wordnet electronic dictionary.
linq-to-sharepoint null
licode Open Source WebRTC Communications Platform Based that implements webRTC API and using node.js, it is for building videoconference/chat rooms, it provides a development of videoconference features base…
list-definition null
load-order null
madexcept anything related to madExcept tool for exception handling in Delphi.
irssi a terminal based IRC client for UNIX systems.
interlacing null
interpreted null
jemmy a set of libraries and tools to test UI applications
jamvm an open source, small, clearly written, interpreter-only Java virtual machine, ported to a wide variety of different platforms.
jarjar is a utility that makes it easy to repackage Java libraries and embed them into your own distribution.
jarbundler to create Mac OS X application bundles for Java applications until version 6 for Mac OS X user convenience
jhat jHat refers to Java Heap Analysis Tool.
jsf-1.1 a Java specification for building component-based user interfaces for web applications.
juddi an open source Java implementation of the Universal Description, Discovery, and Integration specification for Web Services .
julia-studio an open-source IDE for the Julia programming language and is based on Qt-Creator.
middleman-4 Version 4.0 of middleman.
metamask A browser extension for browsers for interacting with distributed applications which require, by design, specific dapp browsers such as Ethereum Mist
massif null
marvin-framework an extensible, cross-platform and open source image processing framework developed in Java.
maxrequestlength null
max-path null
multi-friend-selector null
mono-embedding null
mosek a software package for the solution of linear, mixed-integer linear, quadratic, mixed-integer quadratic, quadratically constraint, conic and convex nonlinear mathematical optimization problem…
nsdocumentcontroller An NSDocumentController object manages an application's document.It is available Apple's AppKit framework
nsdragginginfo The NSDraggingInfo protocol declares methods that supply information about a dragging session.
nsenumerator a key piece used to iterate over a collection in Objective-C
oauth-ruby null
nvidia-docker a thin wrapper on top of docker and act as a drop-in replacement for the docker command line interface
nstrackingarea Cocoa's class for tracking mouse movement within a view.
nacl-cryptography a high-speed software library for network communication, encryption, decryption, signatures, and more
named-graphs a set of RDF triples identified using a URI
nearlyfreespeech a pay-as-you-go hosting service that supports PHP 5.2, CGI for 12 languages, and MySQL 5.0 support
neo4j-bolt Tag for the newly designed remoting protocol BOLT.
nite 3D computer vision middleware which provides the application with hand-based and full-body based user control APIs.
ibm-graph a hosted OLTP graph database based on the Open Source Tinkerpop 3 Apache project
html5-input-date null
html-pdf null
hasattr null
haskell-diagrams a powerful, flexible, declarative domain-specific language for creating vector graphics, using the Haskell programming language.
hmatrix Purely functional interface to basic linear algebra and other numerical computations, internally implemented using GSL, BLAS and LAPACK.
historical-db is for databases that store data in historical tables usually containing a timestamp and a value for each record , in a non-relational way.
information-architecture a diagram of the structure and organization of content
gnu-global GNU's Source Code Tagging System
google-maps-ios null
git-init Create an empty Git repository or reinitialize an existing one.
harfbuzz a software development library for shaping of Unicode text
handhelddevice null
grails-spring-security null
groovy-eclipse the set of Eclipse plugins that provide Eclipse support for Groovy projects.
groovydoc Groovy's equivalent for JavaDoc
gradle-release-plugin This refers to a release plugin of the build tool gradle.
endpointbehavior null
emitmapper a .NET library for mapping entities, such as objects, DataReaders or SQL commands.
extjs-chart null
extract-value null
explicit-implementation null
dukescript a framework for creating cross-platform mobile, desktop and web applications
drc Analysis of Dose-Response Curves.
dynamic-splash-screen null
dynamic-view null
edn a subset of Clojure's data notation intended to be used as a data exchange format.
gedit-plugin null
gears null
fxruby a well documented graphics library in the scripting language Ruby.
floatbuffer null
form-processing null
formstack A commercial online form builder
facebook-as3-api null
fast-app-switching null
filterattribute null
filterfunction null
flash-player-11 Version 11 of Adobe Flash player released on October 2011
flashcatalyst an IDE based on Eclipse that enables to transform Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, and Fireworks artwork into MXML code.
findname null
incremental-search null
bing-ads-api null
biojava an open-source project dedicated to providing a Java framework for processing biological data.
aws-ecs for questions related to Amazon Elastic Container Services , which is a highly scalable, high-performance container orchestration service that supports Docker containers and allows y…
dotnetinstaller null
dotdotdot a smart and cross-browser jQuery plugin that truncates multiple line content to fit within your container and adds an ellipsis at the end of the text, similar to the CSS3 text-overflow pr…
spmd a technique employed to achieve parallelism; it is a subcategory of MIMD
mediarecorder-api null
megaparsec a monadic parser combinator library for Haskell with improved error reporting and indentation-aware parsing
controller-factory null
glr GLR parser is an extension of an LR parser algorithm to handle nondeterministic and ambiguous grammars.
libmagic The libmagic library identifies different file types.
dxva a Microsoft API specification for the Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 platforms that allows video decoding to be hardware accelerated.
visualhg a Mercurial source control plugin for Microsoft Visual Studio.
visual-studio-2010-rc null
68hc11 an 8-bit microcontroller family introduced by Motorola
777 is a maximum file permission can be assigned to a directory or file for unix based operating system
lua-5.3 A lightweight multi-paradigm programming language designed as a scripting language with extensible semantics as a primary goal.
generic-interface null
exrin a Xamarin Forms MVVM Framework
extensible-storage-engine an embeddable, transactional database engine built into Microsoft Windows
asp.net-spa ASP.NET Single Page Application helps you build ASP.NET MVC applications that include significant client-side interactions using JavaScript.
mobileprovision null
mobius null
slimv The Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Vim.
non-convex a sub-set of optimisation problems domain, where a utility / penalty function does not meet a condition of convexity
ohai-gem null
cblas null
cctray an optional utility for use with the CruiseControl.NET Continuous Integration server
cdb if you refer to , a library and data format created by Daniel J
xsp4 null
xpath-3.0 for questions specific to XML Path Language version 3.0
ssim a method for measuring the similarity between two images .
sql-pl for DB2 SQL Procedural Language questions
hxcpp the runtime support for the C++ backend of the Haxe compiler.
hwndhost null
ibexpert null
rsyntaxtextarea A syntax highlighting, code folding text editor for Java Swing applications
searchqueryset null
addr2line addr2line translates program addresses into file names and line numbers.
webkit-animation a css property to specify css animation which is understand by the webkit based web browser.
webots a development environment used to model, program and simulate mobile robots.
screen-grab null
grasp General Responsibility Assignment Software Patterns , abbreviated GRASP, consists of guidelines for assigning responsibility to classes and objects in object-oriented design.
icu4j ICU - International Components for Unicode
icq an instant messaging protocol and the name of its official client.
mumin an R package for model selection and model averaging based on information criteria .
magic-draw a visual UML, SysML, BPMN, and UPDM modeling tool with team collaboration support.
magic-string an input that a programmer believes will never come externally and which activates otherwise hidden functionality
scalatags a small, fast XML/HTML construction library for Scala that takes fragments in plain Scala code
unminify null
javaplot A Java wrapper for gnuplot.
spring-insight a real-time instrumentation tool for Java applications, providing metrics into application behavior and performance.
google-local-search null
system-codedom-compiler null
controlparameter Binds the value of a property of a Control to a parameter object.
convertapi Files conversion REST API.
npmjs For issues relating to the npm package manager for JavaScript.
noweb a literate programming tool for a variety of languages.
dbg null
automatic-storage null
designview null
dnn-module a future-proof CMS that adapts to change
cudd The CUDD package provides functions to manipulate Binary Decision Diagrams , Algebraic Decision Diagrams , and Zero-suppressed Binary Decision Diagrams .
csvkit for questions related to use of the cvskit utilities suite, for converting to and working with CSV format files
imagelibrary null
imageresizer-diskcache null
minko a 3D framework for web, desktop and mobile devices, developed by Aerys
requestscope null
illegalmonitorstateexcep An exception thrown in Java to indicate that an object called notify, notifyAll, or wait without the current thread owning its monitor.
ansible-tower Use for questions about programming issues related to the Ansible Tower REST API
anonymous-access null
liteide a simple, open source, cross-platform Go IDE.
jcommander A java utility for CLI parameters parsing.
jboss-web For development issues encountered while using Red Hat JBoss Web Server.
webaii the former name of the free UI testing framework being developed by Telerik
molehill the code name of Adobe Flash Player 11 3D drawing API.
hibernate-generic-dao null
highline null
hidden-features Only used on old and popular locked questions asking for lists of hidden features
sinaweibo a Chinese microblogging website
e-token portable USB device that can be used to generate and provide secure storage for passwords, digital certificates, secure authentication, digital signing and encryption.
ether the currency used in Ethereum blockchain technology
asan a library for detecting different memory errors like buffer overflows and invalid pointer usages.
drupal-permissions which are the access permissions us…
xforms-betterform a XForms engine for advanced, dynamic forms that run in every major browser without any plugins
defunct null
nsrect null
nsstackview an OS X AppKit class introduced in OS X 10.9
defaultifempty null
defadvice a macro defined in ELisp
decouple null
mixture In statistics a mixture distribution has samples drawn from multiple distributions differing in either their forms or the parameters,
stream-cipher an encryption algorithm which encrypts arbitrary length plain text, using a key to produce a ciphertext that is as long as the plaintext.
opencalais a Web Service
chomsky-hierarchy a containment hierarchy of classes of formal grammars.
boost-xpressive null
boost-unit-test-framework null
react.rb a Ruby ReactJS library wrapper for building user interfaces in pure Ruby
pymodbus3 null
taocp The Art of Computer Programming is a comprehensive monograph written by Donald Knuth that covers many kinds of programming algorithms and their analysis.
jqzoom a javascript image magnifier built at the top of the popular jQuery javascript framework
google-toolbox-for-mac a collection of utilities from different Google projects that may be of use to developers working on other Mac or iOS projects.
activerecord-import a library for bulk inserting data using ActiveRecord.
google-suggest null
pffacebookutils null
org-table null
os.execl null
rete frequently used in rules engines / systems, which provides an efficient pattern matching algorithm to determine which rules should fire based on a knowledge base of facts.
restier a turn-key library for building RESTful services on top of OData
fogbugz-api null
matrixcursor MatrixCursor represents a mutable Cursor in the Android platform which is backed by an array of Objects.
matplotlib-venn python library to plot Venn diagrams in matplotlib
angularjs-ng-template ngTemplate allows to load the <script> element to the $templateCache
angular-foundation Angular Components for Foundation is a set of native AngularJS directives based on Foundation's markup and CSS
uptodate null
vin an abbreviation for Vehicle Identification Number
pelops A Java client library for accessing the Apache Cassandra database
peoplesoft-app-engine an object-oriented proprietary language used by Oracle's PeopleSoft applications.
marko An HTML-based templating engine that compiles templates to Node.js-compatible JavaScript modules and supports streaming, async rendering and custom tags.
mappers null
audiojs a drop-in javascript library.
service-model null
session-set-save-handler Sets user-level session storage functions in PHP.
session-0-isolation null
set-comprehension null
logical-or An operator whose result will be true if one or more operands are true
ip-fragmentation null
hotplugging null
hp-loadrunner null
html.textbox ASP.NET MVC helper to make textboxes
windows-phone-silverlight null
integration-patterns null
structured-exception null
struts2-spring-plugin The Struts2 Spring plugin provides integration with Spring framework.
canonical-form null
canopy-web-testing a web testing framework written in F#
camunda-modeler null
pudb a full-screen, console-based visual debugger for Python
httpbrowsercapabilities null
rails-flash a special part of the session which is cleared with each request
rajawalivr null
vdm++ A language for the design and specification of systems, based on the Vienna Development Method
vector-multiplication null
msisdn About Mobile Subscriber Integrated Services Digital Network Number
mu null
msscriptcontrol an ActiveX control by Microsoft that is used to provide general-purpose scripting services within an application
lightweight-processes null
linear-probing null
processlist null
product-key null
community-server a social software platform developed by Telligent
display-manager null
diskcache null
property-files mainly used in Java related technologies to store the configurable parameters of an application
net-reactor a powerful code protection and software licensing system for software written for the .NET Framework, and supports all languages that generate .NET assemblies
full-text-catalog null
full-width null
frozenset null
fslab a collection of libraries for data-science
riff a generic file container format for storing data in tagged chunks
richtextarea null
jstatd null
jsonstream null
headerdoc documentation generator developed and maintained by Apple Inc.
has-scope a Ruby gem that allows you to easily create controller filters based on your resources named scopes.
yagni : An principal, which advocates only introducing new features to an application when they are actually needed .
wuapi Windows Update Agent API
xcodeproj a Ruby gem from the makers of CocoaPods that allows scripted access to Xcode's project file.
close-application null
cloc cloc counts lines of code, blank lines, and comment lines in source code in many different programming languages.
clojure-core.typed null
layouttransform null
background-blend-mode The background-blend-mode CSS property describes how the element's background images should blend with each other and the element's background color.
stay-logged-in null
nextuntil A jQuery function that get all following siblings of each element up to but not including the element matched by the selector, DOM node, or jQuery object passed.
waitone null
angular-dragdrop jQueryUI Drag and Drop for AngularJS
vulcanize null
apigen an API documentation generator for PHP 5.3+
safe-publication null
odftoolkit null
lastaccesstime null
nhprof A profiler designed specifically for NHibernate.
angular-toastr an open-source Angular port of CodeSeven's toastr library.
pygresql null
docklayoutpanel null
positional-parameter null
plperl plperl/plperlu A perl language extension for use within the PostgreSQL object relational database for creating user defined functions.
plug null
photo-tagging null
pythoncard a cross-platform GUI construction kit for building desktop applications using the Python language.
princomp null
printer-properties null
primesense null
preempt-rt the real-time patch for the Linux kernel
openthread Post usage questions related to OpenThread - Nest's open-source implementation of the Thread networking protocol
opencv-solvepnp used in questions related to estimating the pose of an object
opengts open source project designed specifically to provide web-based GPS tracking services for a of vehicles.
pafy used to retrieve YouTube content such as video and audio and metadata such as viewcount, duration, rating, author,resolution ,bitrate ,format , filesize ,thumbnail, keywords etc.Full document…
parboiled a mixed Java/Scala library providing for lightweight and easy-to-use, yet powerful and elegant parsing of arbitrary input text based on Parsing expression grammars
pagerequestmanager null
rpivottable an R library that allows for the creation of interactive drag'n'drop pivot tables and charts
router-os the operating system of RouterBOARD.
roaming-profile null
sardine an easy to use webdav client for java
shaderlab a declarative language for writing shaders used in the Unity3D game engine.
selenium-fitnesse-bridge A FitNesse fixture that integrates the Selenium web test automation API with test specifications in a FitNesse wiki.
server-tags null
scrollableresults A result iterator that allows moving around within a Query results by arbitrary increments
referenceequals a method in C# used to compare references of object types
resgen The Resource File Generator converts .txt files and .resx files to common language runtime binary .resources files that can be embedded in a runtime binary executable or co…
retro-computing Retro computing refers to the use of outdated hardware platforms , usually for recreational purposes
retry-logic null
ringojs a JavaScript runtime written in Java.
qpainterpath a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a container for painting operations, enabling graphical shapes to be constructed and reused.
readkey a console method for obtaining the next character pressed by the user.
rational-rose the Market-leading UML modeling tools for software design
windowsversion null
wolfssl a lightweight, portable, C-based SSL/TLS library targeting embedded and RTOS environments
windows-server-2003-r2 the successor of Windows Server 2003, released to manufacturing on December 6, 2005
vivagraphjs a data visualization and graph drawing library built in JavaScript.
vmd a molecular visualization program for displaying, animating, and analyzing large biomolecular systems using 3-D graphics and built-in scripting
virtualstore a concept in Windows where unprivileged writes to system and program files/directories are redirected transparently to a directory loca…
vorpal.js a framework for creating interactive CLI applications in Node
wasabi The Microsoft Enterprise Library Autoscaling Application Block lets adding automatic scaling behavior to Windows Azure applications.
victory-charts null
vestal-versions vestal_versions adds versioning support to an ActiveRecord model
value-provider null
trumbowyg a lightweight jQuery plugin used to transform a textarea into a HTML Editor
twisted.client null
two.js a motion graphics library for the browser
trackback null
tri-state-logic For the time being, tri-state-logic may refer to logic circuits with at least one output adding a third, states as well as other conte…
tomography-reconstruction Different from 3D-reconstruction in computer vision, tomography-reconstruction is an algorithm-oriented 3D reconstruction given the 2D measurement from the boundary
tquery For issues relating to the tQuery JavaScript library.
togaf The Open Group Architecture Framework is a vendor-neutral platform for developing and implementing enterprise architectures.
tizen-web-simulator a lightweight tool for developing mobile web applications
uat User acceptance testing consists of a process of verifying that a solution works for the user
typewriter an open-source extension for Visual Studio that generates TypeScript files from C# code files using TypeScript Templates
twofish a symmetric key block cipher designed by Bruce Schneier and his team of cryptographers for the 1997 Advanced Encryption Standard contest.
unfold the opposite of a fold
undeploy null
usb-descriptor a data structure used by a USB device to provides information to the host about the device.
updown null
synchronizing null
tensorflow-lite null
starman a high-performance preforking Perl PSGI web server
spring-data-neo4j-5 To be used for Spring Data Neo4j 5.0+ information
spatial-data-frame null
sqlcedatareader null
sqldbtype a .NET enum for SQL Server-specific data types
sqsh DESCRIPTION Sqsh is short for SQshelL , and is intended as a replacement for the venerable ‘isql’ program supplied by Sybase.
squashfs null
sharpshell a .NET framework library that allows you to create Windows Shell Extensions quickly, using C# or Visual Basic
socket.io-java-client an easy to use implementation of socket.io for Java.
social-graph null
socketmobile null
slurp null
skbio a general-purpose python 2/3 bioinformatics library.
smbus SMBus provides a control bus for the system to pass the messages to/from devices instead of using an individual control lines, this control helps to reduce pin count and system…
smartscreen null
simple.odata Simple.OData contains the implementation of Simple.Data OData adapter.
simplebutton null
squeezebox null
sql-data-warehouse null
sqldmo SQL Distributed Management Objects is a collection of COM objects that are designed for programming all aspects of managing Microsoft SQL Server.
sql-calc-found-rows null
sql-authentication null
sql.js a port of SQLite to JavaScript
spreadsheet-excel-writer A PHP package for generating Excel spreadsheets
spray-test null
sprache a lightweight library for constructing parsers directly in C# code with capabilities generally in the range between regular expressions and tools like ANTLR.
strong-named-key A Strong Named Key is used in the Microsoft .NET framework to uniquely identify a component.
terraform-provider-azure null
tfs2005 Team Foundation Server is a Microsoft product offering source control, data collection, reporting, and project tracking, and is intended for collaborative software develo…
synopsys-vcs Synopsys VCS Verilog Simulator
sysobjects null
uinib Instances of the UINib class serve as object wrappers, or containers, for Interface Builder nib files
uikeycommand The UIKeyCommand class specifies a key presses performed on a hardware keyboard and the resulting action that should take place.
tkinter-layout null
timelion The timeline feature of the Kibana interface to Elasticsearch
troposphere A library to create AWS CloudFormation resource descriptions
twitter-widget null
twitter-r intended to provide access to the Twitter API within `R` programming language
twitter-hbc a Java library for consuming Twitter's streaming API.
twitter-bootstrap-wizard The Twitter Bootstrap Wizard allows to build a wizard functionality using buttons and tabs.
twitter-bootstrap-4-beta null
twine For questions about the Python package used for uploading distributions to the Python Package Index .
trustedconnection null
vanity an Experiment Driven Development framework for Rails.
vfr-reader PDF Reader Core for iOS
video-memory null
walmart-electrode an open source platform for building large scale web applications with React / Node.js.
vote-up-buttons null
weighted-graph null
word-field for Code Fields in MS Word
webimage null
webtorrent a streaming torrent client for node.js and the browser.
wcat a lightweight HTTP load generation tool primarily designed to measure the performance of a web server within a controlled environment.
web-clips null
raygun Automatic error tracking and crash reporting - raygun.io
read-unread null
real-datatype Some languages like fortran and pascal has a type called real
rack-cors null
qubole cloud Big Data service running on an elastic Hadoop-based cluster
rfc2898 about and is mainly a republication of PKCS #5 v2.0 from RSA Laboratories' Public-Key Cryptog…
reductio a Javascript library that makes it easy to do complex, efficient aggregations using Crossfilter
scriptish a Mozilla Firefox extension that allows users to run scripts that are able to customize the way a web page displays or behaves
serial-processing null
shareware a program which gives partial functionality or access away for free to encourage the purchase of a license to unlock the full content.
sgi Silicon Graphics Inc
setitimer null
service-fabric null
rune a basic data type designed to store a Unicode code point.
roadmap A roadmap refers to a list of planned features, versions, and release dates associated with a software project.
rjags null
rowstate null
rsolr a simple, extensible Ruby client for Apache Solr.
pardot B2B Marketing Automation by Salesforce
pchar null
pbr Physically-based rendering , sometimes referred to as physically-based materials or physically-based shading, is a 3D graphics rendering process that attempts to produce realistic images by accur…
partial-methods In C#, a partial method has an optional implementation
ocmod null
opentypefont instead.
openvg null
openwebbeans null
operational-transform the process of modifying incoming edits to a document or file from different people, such that the end result takes all edits into account, and everyone will be able to s…
optimistic null
oracle-ords for questions about the Oracle REST Data Services , a REST interface for the Oracle relational database and Oracle NoSQL database including JSON document storage version 12c.
psr-1 a PHP Standards Recommendation describing PHP's Basic Coding Standard.
pspell null
perl-io Input/Output in Perl
persian-calendar Concered with Calenders and Datetimepickers in Jalali calender and also converting other calenders to Jalali Calender.
php-amqp The PECL package implementing AMQP as a PHP extension
picturegallery null
pligg null
poset POSet in a shorthand for Partially Ordered Set, that is a Set with a Partial Order.
pngquant null
pyffmpeg Questions related to using PyFFmpeg, a python wrapper around FFmpeg's libavcodec, libavformat and libavutil libraries
auth-request null
lastpass a password management service
latent-semantic-analysis null
amazon-kinesis-kpl null
amazon-mobile-hub for questions related to AWS Mobile Hub, which provides an integrated console that helps you build, test, and monitor your mobile apps
safecracker a first-party Module for ExpressionEngine that makes it possible to add and edit entries from outside of the Control Panel using a Stand-Alone Entry Form .
b2g a Mozilla Foundation project with the aim to create a standalone operating system for the web.
babelify null
static-allocation null
launch-configuration Eclipse uses a launch configuration to store launch parameters of executable application in the workspace.
data-access-object a design pattern in object-oriented software design, creating an object that provides an abstract interface to some type of database or other persistence mechanism.
ldap-client Identifies the text as having to with, or about, the configuration of LDAP clients.
lcid locale ID's that represent a language and country in the form of a numeric ID.
entityspaces an easy to use, open source .NET Object-Relational Mapping tool that supports many databases providers.
commercial-application null
kxml2 a parser for converting WBXML to KML and KML to WBXML
l20n a new localization framework developed by Mozilla for the Web
telerik-ajax indicates that the question refers to the Telerik ASP.Net AJAX controls.
tell-dont-ask an approach to object-oriented design focused on telling objects what you want them to do rather than asking them questions about their state, make a decision, and then tell them wha…
xcode9beta6 an integrated development environment for macOS
xcelsius null
xml-sitemap null
xmlexception null
xml-import null
xdt Abbreviation for XML Document Transform, a method to transform web.config during publishing or packaging.
z-wave a home-automation wireless communications specification designed to allow devices in the home to communicate with each other.
jsunit an open source Unit Testing framework for client-side JavaScript
rich-notifications dedicated to questions about Google Chrome's rich notifications API for packaged apps and extensions.
net-ftp null
protobuf.js a Protocol Buffers encoder/decoder for Javascript.
azure-app-api null
angular2-moment Angular2 moment provides pipes for using momentjs methods in the angular environment
xc16 Microchip's gcc-based compiler suite for PIC24 and dsPIC targets.
disco a distributed computing framework based on the MapReduce paradigm
procmon a free advanced monitoring tool for Windows that shows real-time file system, Registry and process/thread activity.
lingpipe tool kit for processing text using computational linguistics.
line-profiler for questions about the Python results, please use the more generi…
mtgox an established Bitcoin exchange
msmqintegrationbinding null
datagridviewcellstyle Represents a Style for DataGridViewCell
verlet-integration a method for the numerical solution of differential equations that simulate mechanical systems or more generally conservative or Hamiltonian systems
vee-validate null
vds a Microsoft Windows technology.
iojs an npm compatible platform originally based on Node.js
raknet a cross-platform, open-source C++ networking library aimed at games
queue.js Asynchronous helper library for JavaScript.
http-1.0 null
httpcontext.cache null
treemaps null
cameracapturetask null
sttwitterapi null
structured-text one of the five languages supported by the IEC 61131-3 standard, designed for programmable logic controllers .
ironpython-studio a free full IDE for the Python programming language.
corewlan null
couchdb-lucene Enables full-text searching of CouchDB documents using Lucene.
pyudev is a LGPL licensed, pure Python 2/3 binding to libudev, the device and hardware management and information library of Linux.
pyx a Python package for the creation of PostScript, PDF, and SVG files
qchart QCharts provides various 2D chart types to be used within Qt Widgets or Qt Quick applications.
intel-8080 an 8-bit microprocessor, a predecessor of the famous 8086 series
instasharp a C# library that wraps the Instagram API and makes it easy to write applications with Instagram data.
windows-phone-voip With Windows Phone 8 you can create apps that implement voice over IP , and which gives a user the ability to engage in video or audio calls over the phone’s network connection.
fast-math The `-ffast-math` compiler option trading precision and adherence to the IEEE 754 floating point standard in favor of execution speed
windows-defender null
windows-media-center a digital video recorder and media player developed by Microsoft
horizontalfieldmanager null
iperf3 null
loginstatus null
servicetestcase "This test case provides a framework in which you can test Service classes in a controlled environment
mapstraction a common API that abstracts various JavaScript mapping APIs.
markdownsharp an open source C# implementation of a Markdown processor.
pdp-11 The PDP-11 was a series of 16-bit minicomputers sold by Digital Equipment Corporation from 1970 into the 1990s, one of a succession of products in the PDP series
vim-registers null
viewresult null
gold-parser a parsing system targeting multiple programming language.
type-members types declared at the scope of a hierarchically upper entity.
focusin null
application-close null
application-resource null
applicationpage null
persistent-object-store null
persistent-volume-claims null
goquery A little like that j-thing, only in Go
act a CRM software which contains contacts, notes, etc.
r-commander a platform-independent basic-statistics GUI for R, based on the `tcltk` package.
jquery-tags-input a plugin for manipulating tags in html.
taleo null
react-android null
rdkit a popular open-source library for chemoinformatics and machine learning applied to chemoinformatics.
boost-pool Boost Pool Library provides a memory allocation scheme that is very fast
chipset null
tabu-search an optimization heuristic that uses a memory to guide the search into unexplored regions.
chrome-ios Mobile version of Google's Chrome browser for IOS devices.
opencv-contrib an open source computer vision library, free for commercial and research use
stratio The most comprehensive Big Data Platform in the market
default-document null
nsprogress an API for tracking progress introduced in OS X 10.9 and iOS 7.1.
defensive-copy null
nstabviewcontroller NSTabViewController represents an abstract target for providing content switching
drupal-field-api for questions about the field API, how to use it, or which hooks are required to implement a field in a module; use for questions about fields implemented in modules you a…
zigzag The term , in graphic design, describes a line composed of small lines in which any pattern of two small lines have the same length and form equal angles relative to any other patterns in the …
array-column null
escrow null
symbol-tables null
sipdroid a voice over IP application for the Android operating system using the Session Initiation Protocol
mongojack a library that facilitates mapping between Java objects and MongoDB documents.
openscript an IDE for creating test scripts
webaddress null
jbullet a Java port of the Bullet Physics Library, a C++ physics library designed to simulate bullet interactions.
jboss-messaging the default JMS provider in JBoss Enterprise Application Platform and JBoss SOA Platform and JBoss Application Server version.
tuxedo Tuxedo is a middleware platform used to manage transaction processing in distributed computing environments
annox An open source project which allows you to read arbitrary Java annotations from XML resources.
opentaps null
gwt-dev-mode a feature of Google Web Toolkit allowing developers to run a GWT module inside a Web browser without having to do a full compilation to javascript…
opensplice An implementation of the Data Distribution Service specification http://www.omg.org/spec/DDS/
beam-search for questions related to the heuristic search algorithm beam search.
cula a linear algebra library using NVIDIA's CUDA architecture
dependency-graph null
deploymentitem null
dependent-destroy null
sbt-release an sbt plugin that enables the user to create a customizable release process for the project.
datetime-generation null
dc an arbitrary precision calculator which reads instructions from standard input or files.
autoflush null
nsassert an Objective-c Macro on Cocoa and Cocoa Touch which will generate an assertion if a given condition is false.
date-pipe null
google-instant a feature of Google Search that displays suggested results while the user types and was introduced in 2010.
google-genomics Google Genomics provides an API for working with genomic data on Google's infrastructure.
spring-integration-amqp null
spring-json null
spring-security-cas Deals with questions specifically related to Spring Framework's Central Authentication Services .
google-diff-match-patch Diff, Match and Patch libraries for Plain Text
javabuilders null
javafx-1 a set of graphics and media packages for Java which aim to develop rich client applications that operate consistently across diverse platforms
klipfolio an online dashboard platform for building powerful real-time business dashboards for your team or your clients.
iec61131-3 IEC 61131-3 specifies a family of programming langues for PLCs.
flask-mysql null
numpy-ndarray null
scope-chain null
rtx null
nui NUI stands for Natural User Interface, and refers to interfaces that are, to some degree, invisible or unobtrusive to the user, and require little or no training to use.
numbered null
webservicehost null
weblate a free web-based translation management system.
weblog an open source module for the sitecore CMS that provides blogging functions like adding comments, tags and integration with Gravatar
adehabitathr R package for home range estimation
for-of-loop Use for-of-loop for questions related to the for...of statement used for iterating over an iterable collection.
prefix-sum null
hydration null
mounted-volumes null
constraint-layout-chains null
aparapi a Java API that allows developers to leverage a GPU by dynamically converting Java bytecode to OpenCL at runtime.
causality null
office-web-components null
offsetheight Height of an element relative to the element's offsetParent.
omniauth-google-oauth2 null
nonblank null
nomad A scalable scheduler and cluster manager
pixel-shading null
sliding-doors a CSS technique used to create rounded buttons that fluidly wrap the inner text.
time-select null
android-image-capture null
asp.net-validators An important aspect of creating ASP.NET Web pages for user input is to be able to check that the information users enter is valid
phpundercontrol a PHP centric add-on to the CruiseControl CI server
android-shortcut null
extconf.rb null
expression-blend-3 null
collocation Anything related to collocations, i.e
collective-intelligence null
totalview RogueWave's GUI-based source code defect analysis tool.
phpdesktop an open source project providing a way for developing native desktop GUI applications using web technologies such as PHP, HTML5, JavaScript and SQLite
phpfog a cloud platform for PHP applications
ckreference null
inline-view null
toolkitscriptmanager null
toolbaritems null
lsusb a utility for displaying information about all USB buses in the system and all devices connected to them
dynamic-attributes null
dynamic-data-list Dynamic Data List allows Liferay users to dynamically define data and create forms.
libjson a small C library that packs an efficient parser and a configurable printer.
libpurple instant-messaging library written in C
global-state null
globalize2 null
soundfont a brand name that collectively refers to a file format and associated technology that uses sample-based synthesis to play MIDI files.
sonicmq null
sonarqube5.1.2 version 5.1.2 of Sonarqube
mediaplayback null
spire.doc Independent .NET class library which allows user to directly operate Word document, format and style and insert content to Word document without Microsoft Office.
axd null
wix-react-native-navigation null
wkinterfaceimage an API available for Apple's WatchKit framework
spf13vim A distribution of vim plugins and resources for Vim, Gvim and MacVim.It allows to use VIM for development on Windows, Linux, and Mac.
nbuilder Through a fluent, extensible interface, NBuilder allows you to rapidly create test data.
natsort null
famous-engine a high-performance javascript library for animations & interfaces
fetchmail null
flite refers to the speech synthesizer from Carnegie Mellon University
fusionpbx null
function-points a unit of measurement to express the amount of business functionality an information system provides to a user
elasticsearch-mongo-river River plugin for Elasticsearch to index data from MongoDB databases.
editview null
electron-forge null
ean-13 A standard 13-digit barcode format.
eventfilter used in multiple frameworks to capture all or some events dispatched to an object and handle them before the object does.
eulers-number Euler's number is a transcendental constant approximately equal to 2.718281828
emboss null
grahams-scan a method of computing the convex hull of a finite set of points in the plane with time complexity O
handlebars.java a modern and full featured template engine and a java port of
growlnotify null
getresponsestream null
google-container-os an operating system image for your Compute Engine VMs that is optimized for running Docker containers
google-cloud-networking Questions related to networking on Google Cloud Platform.
google-cloud-dataprep https://cloud.google.com/dataprep/
google-client-login Installed applications that need to exchange information with Google services protected by a user's Google or Google Apps account can use a programmatic method for getting authorized access.
gmgridview GMGridView, a performant Grid-View for iOS that allows sorting of views with gestures and pinching/rotating/panning gestures al…
icallbackeventhandler null
ibm-sterling a B2B platform offering secure file transfer, integration with other businesses, supply chain management,...
imessagefilter This interface allows an application to capture a message before it is dispatched to a control or form
iio a Linux kernel framework that provides uniform access to sensors and other ADC/DAC-based devices.
html5builder an IDE for visual development of web-based applications, both for the web and mobile devices, and with a focus on HTML5 features.
hoogle a Haskell API search engine.
ibm-db2 null
networkmanager null
near-real-time null
myhdl A package for using Python as a hardware description and verification language
mvcgrid.net A grid for ASP.NET MVC and Bootstrap with ajax paging and sorting
mvapich2 a high performance MPI 2.2 implementation for OpenFabrics and other high speed network interconnects
nsimagerep null
oam a simple virtual CPU architecture: intended to teach the fundamentals of an instruction set, memory, addressing, high level programming, compilation assembly, etc.
norton a brand owned by Symantec and first developed by Peter Norton
nosuchfieldexception null
nopcommerce-3.90 null
node-commander a popular command-line arguments parser for Node.js, available through npm
monocross open-source cross-platform mobile framework using C# .NET and Mono framework.
monomorphism-restriction Haskell's dreaded monomorphism restriction.
mongrel-cluster intended for questions related to the deployment of multiple mongrel servers on the same machine
mobile-broadband-api an API available from Windows 7 onward that unifies broadband connection management
mbcalendarkit a framework for showing a calendar UI on iOS.
meteor-useraccounts null
mdac null
memory-safety a concern in software development that aims to avoid software bugs that cause security vulnerabilities dealing with random-access memory access, such as buffer overflows and dan…
memory-visibility null
juniper-network-connect null
jsmooth a Java Executable Wrapper.
jini a SOA programming model that extends Java to create secure distributed systems consisting of clients and services
jack-compiler a now deprecated Android toolchain that compiles Java source into Android dex bytecode
javaspaces Javaspaces provides a cooperative marketplace for posting and retrieving groups of related objects across a network
interleave Interleave - mix two or more digital signals by alternating between them.
internal-link null
ion-slide-box null
irr The internal rate of return or economic rate of return is a rate of return used in capital budgeting to measure and compare the profitability of investments
isomorphic null
iso9660 a standard describing volume and file structure of a CD-ROM
lwuit-list null
local-security-policy Local security settings for Windows
loadmodule null
liquidfun a 2D rigid-body and fluid simulation C++ library for games based upon Box2D
licenses.licx null
linux-from-scratch Linux From Scratch provides step-by-step instructions for building a custom Linux system from source.
jwebbrowser null
jwebunit null
centura Team Developer , or SQLWindows, is a programming language based on Win32 by Gupta Technologies
charm-crypto a framework for rapidly prototyping advanced cryptosystems in Python.
chained-select Identification of controls that should be selected by default when a main control is selected
cielab In CIE LAB, LAB stands for Lightness, position between red and green, and position between yellow and blue
cisco-jtapi Cisco JTAPI conforms to Sun's JTAPI 1.2 specification
cjson cJSON aims to be the dumbest possible parser that you can get your job done with
citrus-pay For questions on how to implement citrus-pay for various checkout experiences
clsql A multi-platform SQL interface for Common Lisp.
client-side-data null
c++builder-2009 a rapid application development environment, originally developed by Borland and as of 2009 owned by Embarcadero Technologies, for writing programs in the C++ programming language …
whirlpool a cryptographic hash function designed by Rijmen and Barreto.
bluecloth Markdown library in a Ruby gem
bloom null
behaviorspace null
basil.js a bundle that ports the spirit of the Processing visualization language to Adobe InDesign
cascalog a fully-featured data processing and querying library for Clojure
cardio null
carchive null
cakephp-2.9 relates to the 2.9.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
calendar-control null
cal-heatmap The javascript module Cal-Heatmap allows creating a calendar heatmap.
bucardo an asynchronous trigger based replication system for PostgreSQL, with optional multi-master support.
dc.leaflet.js `dc.leaflet.js` extension provides support for `DC.js` charts in a `Leaflet.js` map.
debug-diagnostic-tool null
debug-information Anything related to debug information, i.e
decal null
devcon a command line device manager for Windows system used to list , enable, disable, install, configure, and remove devices.
double-underscore for questions related to a Double Underscore, i.e
dividebyzeroexception An exception that occurs when a calculation attempts to divide a number by zero, which has an undefined result.
d2rq a system for accessing relational databases as virtual, read-only RDF graphs
d3heatmap null
css-expressions CSS expressions were introduced in Internet Explorer 5.0 to allow a JavaScript expression to be assigned to a CSS property
cryptographicexception null
cpanel-xmlapi A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API
coursera-api For questions about the Coursera App Platform, accessed programmatically.
cordovawebview Beginning in Cordova 1.9, with the assistance of the CordovaActivity, you can use Cordova as a component in a larger native Android application
contentful-management null
context-param used in the web application configuration file `web.xml` to set a context parameter to the application context.
exchange-management-shell a command line interface and scripting platform for Microsoft Exchange Server
content-experiments null
configuration-profile A file used for distributing device configuration to iOS and OS X devices.
conductor A small, yet full-featured framework that allows building View-based Android applications
256color null
powerbuilder-conversion null
37-signals the company behind Basecamp, Campfire, and Highrise.
2-digit-year a representation of the four number year shown only with the last two digits - for example, 12 being displayed rather than 2012.
sharepoint-2003 Microsoft Sharepoint Version 2003.
sharepoint-deployment null
posterous Posterous was a simple blogging platform started in May 2008, funded by Y Combinator
amba The ARM Advanced Microcontroller Bus Architecture encompasses the APB, AHB and AXI interconnect types, commonly seen on ARM processors.
amber-smalltalk a Smalltalk implementation for JavaScript, in JavaScript, designed to integrate with JavaScript.
alias-method null
android-droidtext droidtext was a port of the iText library version 2.1.7 for Android.
android-custom-drawable Modifiable and customizable drawable android graphic resources.
android-crop null
actuate null
affiliates null
asx null
android-viewtreeobserver null
android-palette a helper class to extract prominent colors from an image.
apple-news The Apple News Format, API and associated technologies
apache-sentry a system for enforcing fine grained role based authorization to data and metadata stored on a Hadoop cluster.
ajaxify Simple drop-in script to ajaxify your entire website instantly using the HTML5 History API with History.js and jQuery ScrollTo.
quickcontactbadge null
quicklaunch null
pace Progress indicator for your page load and ajax navigation.
ozeki a powerful, flexible SMS Gateway application, that enables you and your applications to send/receive SMS messages to mobile devices with your computer
rolling-computation a computation applied to a moving window.
gambling For questions about programming gambling games.
game-maker-studio-2 a 2D game development IDE
password-checker null
ora-12514 TNS:listener does not currently know of service requested in connect descriptor Cause: The listener received a request to establish a connection to a database or other service.
ora-12560 null
ora-01400 ORA-01400: cannot insert NULL into Cause: You tried to insert a NULL value into a column that does not accept NULL values.
kaldi Kaldi speech recognition toolkit
kango-framework an cross-browser extension framework, based on web-standards
iterator-traits null
mfp null
cfs the default CPU Linux scheduler
cfreadstream null
cgit a CGI Web interface for git repositories.
password-generator a system or program that creates random passwords to be used to secure other systems.
mesi The MESI protocol is a cache coherence and memory coherence protocol.
mesh-network a type of networking where each node must not only capture and disseminate its own data, but also serve as a relay for other nodes, that is, it must collaborate to propagate the dat…
supertab null
gba Questions relating to the Nintendo Game Boy Advance console.
rocks a Linux distribution aimed at cluster computing
roottools a library with utilities for running commands as root from within Android Java Code.
v4l2loopback null
uxtheme null
dhl null
dgml an XML-based file format for directed graphs.
pace.js An automatic web page progress bar
ajax-push null
ajax-success null
airport Anything related to Apple's AirPort family of wireless networking products
aginity null
afx the old name of the Microsoft Foundation Class Library
agenda is a light-weight job scheduling library for Node.js
application.xml null
appliance null
android-rom null
android-module null
android-wheel Sometimes called kankan wheel, the Android wheel selector is an open source wheel selector
assemblyversionattribute used by the .NET framework to specify the version number of an assembly.
acts-as-tenant Easy multi-tenancy for Rails in a shared database setup <http://www.rollcallapp.com/blog>
acumatica-kb The knowledge base for Acumatica, a cloud- and browser-based enterprise resource planning system , which can be customized and extended via an SDK and interoperated with via a web services API.
activityunittestcase null
adpcm Adaptive differential pulse-code modulation is a variant of differential pulse-code modulation that varies the size of the quantization step, to allow further reduction of the required …
charm-crypto a framework for rapidly prototyping advanced cryptosystems in Python.
chained-select Identification of controls that should be selected by default when a main control is selected
cielab In CIE LAB, LAB stands for Lightness, position between red and green, and position between yellow and blue
cisco-jtapi Cisco JTAPI conforms to Sun's JTAPI 1.2 specification
cjson cJSON aims to be the dumbest possible parser that you can get your job done with
citrus-pay For questions on how to implement citrus-pay for various checkout experiences
clsql A multi-platform SQL interface for Common Lisp.
client-side-data null
c++builder-2009 a rapid application development environment, originally developed by Borland and as of 2009 owned by Embarcadero Technologies, for writing programs in the C++ programming language …
whirlpool a cryptographic hash function designed by Rijmen and Barreto.
bluecloth Markdown library in a Ruby gem
bloom null
behaviorspace null
basil.js a bundle that ports the spirit of the Processing visualization language to Adobe InDesign
cascalog a fully-featured data processing and querying library for Clojure
cardio null
carchive null
cakephp-2.9 relates to the 2.9.x branch of the CakePHP MVC framework.
calendar-control null
cal-heatmap The javascript module Cal-Heatmap allows creating a calendar heatmap.
bucardo an asynchronous trigger based replication system for PostgreSQL, with optional multi-master support.
dc.leaflet.js `dc.leaflet.js` extension provides support for `DC.js` charts in a `Leaflet.js` map.
debug-diagnostic-tool null
debug-information Anything related to debug information, i.e
decal null
devcon a command line device manager for Windows system used to list , enable, disable, install, configure, and remove devices.
double-underscore for questions related to a Double Underscore, i.e
dividebyzeroexception An exception that occurs when a calculation attempts to divide a number by zero, which has an undefined result.
d2rq a system for accessing relational databases as virtual, read-only RDF graphs
d3heatmap null
css-expressions CSS expressions were introduced in Internet Explorer 5.0 to allow a JavaScript expression to be assigned to a CSS property
cryptographicexception null
cpanel-xmlapi A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API
coursera-api For questions about the Coursera App Platform, accessed programmatically.
cordovawebview Beginning in Cordova 1.9, with the assistance of the CordovaActivity, you can use Cordova as a component in a larger native Android application
contentful-management null
context-param used in the web application configuration file `web.xml` to set a context parameter to the application context.
exchange-management-shell a command line interface and scripting platform for Microsoft Exchange Server
content-experiments null
configuration-profile A file used for distributing device configuration to iOS and OS X devices.
conductor A small, yet full-featured framework that allows building View-based Android applications
256color null
powerbuilder-conversion null
37-signals the company behind Basecamp, Campfire, and Highrise.
2-digit-year a representation of the four number year shown only with the last two digits - for example, 12 being displayed rather than 2012.
sharepoint-2003 Microsoft Sharepoint Version 2003.
sharepoint-deployment null
posterous Posterous was a simple blogging platform started in May 2008, funded by Y Combinator
amba The ARM Advanced Microcontroller Bus Architecture encompasses the APB, AHB and AXI interconnect types, commonly seen on ARM processors.
amber-smalltalk a Smalltalk implementation for JavaScript, in JavaScript, designed to integrate with JavaScript.
alias-method null
android-droidtext droidtext was a port of the iText library version 2.1.7 for Android.
android-custom-drawable Modifiable and customizable drawable android graphic resources.
android-crop null
actuate null
affiliates null
asx null
android-viewtreeobserver null
android-palette a helper class to extract prominent colors from an image.
apple-news The Apple News Format, API and associated technologies
apache-sentry a system for enforcing fine grained role based authorization to data and metadata stored on a Hadoop cluster.
ajaxify Simple drop-in script to ajaxify your entire website instantly using the HTML5 History API with History.js and jQuery ScrollTo.
quickcontactbadge null
quicklaunch null
pace Progress indicator for your page load and ajax navigation.
ozeki a powerful, flexible SMS Gateway application, that enables you and your applications to send/receive SMS messages to mobile devices with your computer
rolling-computation a computation applied to a moving window.
gambling For questions about programming gambling games.
game-maker-studio-2 a 2D game development IDE
password-checker null
ora-12514 TNS:listener does not currently know of service requested in connect descriptor Cause: The listener received a request to establish a connection to a database or other service.
ora-12560 null
ora-01400 ORA-01400: cannot insert NULL into Cause: You tried to insert a NULL value into a column that does not accept NULL values.
kaldi Kaldi speech recognition toolkit
kango-framework an cross-browser extension framework, based on web-standards
iterator-traits null
mfp null
cfs the default CPU Linux scheduler
cfreadstream null
cgit a CGI Web interface for git repositories.
password-generator a system or program that creates random passwords to be used to secure other systems.
mesi The MESI protocol is a cache coherence and memory coherence protocol.
mesh-network a type of networking where each node must not only capture and disseminate its own data, but also serve as a relay for other nodes, that is, it must collaborate to propagate the dat…
supertab null
gba Questions relating to the Nintendo Game Boy Advance console.
rocks a Linux distribution aimed at cluster computing
roottools a library with utilities for running commands as root from within Android Java Code.
v4l2loopback null
uxtheme null
dhl null
dgml an XML-based file format for directed graphs.
pace.js An automatic web page progress bar
ajax-push null
ajax-success null
airport Anything related to Apple's AirPort family of wireless networking products
aginity null
afx the old name of the Microsoft Foundation Class Library
agenda is a light-weight job scheduling library for Node.js
application.xml null
appliance null
android-rom null
android-module null
android-wheel Sometimes called kankan wheel, the Android wheel selector is an open source wheel selector
assemblyversionattribute used by the .NET framework to specify the version number of an assembly.
acts-as-tenant Easy multi-tenancy for Rails in a shared database setup <http://www.rollcallapp.com/blog>
acumatica-kb The knowledge base for Acumatica, a cloud- and browser-based enterprise resource planning system , which can be customized and extended via an SDK and interoperated with via a web services API.
activityunittestcase null
adpcm Adaptive differential pulse-code modulation is a variant of differential pulse-code modulation that varies the size of the quantization step, to allow further reduction of the required …
amq A-MQ refers to JBoss A-MQ, the commercial messaging product based on ActiveMQ
android-1.6-donut For issues relating to developing with the android SDK, version 1.6 .
amdatu an open source community effort focussed on bringing OSGi to the cloud
amember a membership management plugin for WordPress websites.
sharepoint-addin null
shared-resource null
postman-collection-runner null
postgresql-extensions null
elasticsearch-api a search server based on Lucene.
aceoledb : Used by Microsoft Access And as an integrated and improved ACE engine whose development started by taking a code snapshot of the original JET code base and up…
accordionpane is a GUI element consisting of a vertically stacked list of items
2048 an open source tile-based puzzle game
component-based Component-based designs rely on separating the multiple logical attributes of business objects and game objects into small components dedicated only to specific tasks
component-diagram null
codesense null
cordova-5.0.0 a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
cordova-nativestorage null
d3dimage null
curry an experimental functional logic programming language, based on the Haskell language
django-1.2 a version of the Django framework, released in May 2010
django-countries a pluggable Django app which provides country choices for use with forms, and a country field for models
directory-tree null
devtoolset null
document-provider null
django-simple-history The django-simple-history app stores Django model state on every create/update/delete.
devel-cover Devel::Cover - Code coverage metrics for Perl
denodo a middleware software platform for the integration of data of diverse natures coming from several kinds of sources
delphi-2005 a specific version of Delphi
delimited-continuations a of a continuation frame that has been reified into a function
data-caching For questions relevant with caching of the data, not the instructions.
bosh-deployer CLI plugin for bosh to perform different deploying tasks in Ruby development stack.
cartocss null
base-sdk null
berkeley-db-xml a C++ library that enables XML data storage and XQuery and XPath queries.
balsamiq a micro ISV founded in March 2008 by Peldi Guilizzoni a former Adobe senior software engineer
bnfc the BNF Converter compiler construction tool which takes an annotated BNF grammar and creates a parser from it.
boomi a cloud-based integration service.
cache-dependency null
polish-notation Polish notation, also known as Polish prefix notation or simply prefix notation, is a form of notation for logic, arithmetic, and algebra
clucene a C++ search engine that is a port of Lucene.
chardet a python module for encoding detection
chatfuel a bot builder for Facebook bots.
legacy-app null
laravel-localization Laravel's localization features provide a convenient way to retrieve strings in various languages, allowing you to easily support multiple languages within your application.
linq-extensions null
localsystem null
locationmatch An Apache directive to apply the enclosed directives only to URLs matched by a regular expression
lookupfield null
iso-3166 A standard published by ISO that defines codes for the names of countries, dependent territories, special areas of geographical interest, and their principal subdivisions
isinrole a method of the WindowsPrincipal class found in the System.Security.Principal namespace of Microsoft's .NET framework
ion-range-slider null
jekyll-paginator null
jamon Java API that allows developers to easily monitor production applications
joomfish null
jscharts a JavaScript based chart generator that requires little or no coding
jsonlines a format for storing structured data that may be processed one record at a time.
membershipuser null
melonjs an open-source HTML5 based community game engine.
memberof Attribute that specifies class membership of the documented element or class
microsoft-skype-bot The Skype bot API from Microsoft.
microsoft-runtime-library null
mavlink a protocol for communicating with small unmanned vehicle.
manatee.trello a .Net wrapper for the Trello API.
mime4j a Java Library for handling E-Mail according to rfc822 and MIME format is part of the Apache James project The current stable version is 0.7.…
moonapns A C# library for sending Apple Push Notifications from a .Net application.
node-fetch null
nixpkgs the collection of packages available via Nix package manager.
normalisation null
nsfilecoordinator The NSFileCoordinator class coordinates the reading and writing of files and directories among multiple processes and objects in the same process.
novaclient null
oauth2orize OAuth 2.0 authorization server toolkit for Node.js.
nshttpcookiestorage null
mydac Data Access Components for MySQL Editions for Delphi.
named-instance null
n900 a smartphone made by Nokia in Finland
network-security-groups null
newsequentialid null
http-upload null
htmldoc null
hg-convert null
help-viewer null
icedtea a build and integration project for OpenJDK produced by Red Hat
iceweasel a Debian rebrand of Mozilla FireFox.
ichat iChat was an instant messaging software, built for Mac OS X.
infoview null
inspectdb null
inria-spoon an open-source library that enables you to transform and analyze Java source code.
gmcs the C# compiler used by mono.
gluu Gluu's open source authentication & API access management software for securing Web & mobile applications using OAuth2.
gnu-arm null
google-maps-autocomplete a feature of the Places library in the Google Maps JavaScript API
git-cvs the server component of the Git source code management system that allows it to masquerade as a CVS repository
gui-design null
grails-filters null
groff a typesetting system that reads plain text mixed with formatting commands and produces formatted output
gradle-daemon null
google-nexus a line of mobile devices using the Android operating system produced by Google in conjunction with an original equipment manufacturer partner.
eraser Eraser tool to clear the pixels as it is dragged over canvas.
expandable-table a UI widget that his goal is to show extra secondary data in tables.
elasticsearch-watcher a plugin for Elasticsearch that provides alerting and notification based on changes in your data.
elevatezoom for questions related to elevateZoom - A jQuery image zoom plugin.
drawingml Part of the Office Open XML specification ECMA-376
dynamicpdf a set of commercial PDF libraries and components for .Net and Java
function-interposition Replacing a function in a dynamic library by providing an alternative definition
gcloud-cli the command line utility for Google Cloud Platform.
ferret a data analysis and visualization software designed specifically for oceanography, atmospheric and climate sciences
findinfiles null
n-ary-tree null
nclob null
navigationwindow null
spfield null
wkinterfacegroup A WKInterfaceImage object lets you manipulate an image in your WatchKit app’s interface
wnck Window Navigator Construction Kit, a library for use in writing pagers, tasklists, and more generally applications that are dealing with window management.
wit-ai shout be used when the user have any query related to Facebook's NLP engine WIT.AI
incr-tcl an object system package for the Tcl programming language.
independent-set null
indefinite null
inertial-navigation null
awss3transferutility null
aws-sdk-net null
aws-iam null
bindinghandlers null
binary-semaphore null
binary-matrix null
sp-msforeachdb null
sidewaffle an open source Visual Studio extension for community created Visual Studio item and project templates.
sonar-maven-plugin an open source platform for Continuous Inspection of code quality
continuous-forms null
libalsa The ALSA library
libnodave a library that provides the necessary functions to connect to and exchange data with Siemens S7 and S5 PLCs
mdtool null
visual-effects null
luks the standard for Linux hard disk encryption
visual-studio-dbpro refers to Microsoft's Visual Studio Team System Database Edition
inner-exception An exception thrown and wrapped in another exception.
phppresentation Copied from https://github.com/PHPOffice/PHPPresentation: PHPPresentation is a library written in pure PHP that provides a set of classes to write to different presentation file formats, i.e
php-gtk a set of language bindings for PHP which allow GTK+ GUI applications to be written in PHP
colgroup Relating to HTML, the colgroup represents a group of columns in an HTML table.
color-blindness the inability or decreased ability to see color, or perceive color differences, under normal lighting conditions
snowflake May refer to Snowflake database schema **Snowflake schema** is special case of the database Star Schema, where one or many dimension tables are normalized
android-studio-3.1 Use for questions about using Android Studio, an official IDE targeted at Android development
coldfire null
coinduction null
android-ide An IDE is a set of tooll which enable a developer to write programs in a comfortable environvent
time-trial null
timespec a structure allowing to store the time since Epoch providing nano seconds along with seconds
slab Semantic Logging Application Block is designed to help .NET developers move from the unstructured logging approach towards the strongly-typed logging approach, making it easier to co…
grunt-shell Grunt extension for run shell commands
node-sqlite3 an asynchronous, non-blocking SQLite3 bindings module for Node.js.
no-framework a philosophy of designing software to fit a specific goal, as opposed to conforming to a specific implementation of a software architecture
apache-storm-topology null
ssms-addin null
xpointer XPointer uses XPath expressions to navigate an XML document to target XLink hyperlinks at specific parts of an XML document.
xp-mode a Virtual PC instance of the Microsoft Windows XP operating system packaged for Windows 7.
xsitype null
eclipse-gemini null
eb null
easyb a behavior driven development framework for the Java platform
stack-dump null
mpf The Managed Package Framework provides C# classes you can use to implement your own project types
sqlkorma a domain specific language for Clojure that takes the pain out of working with your favorite RDBMS.
preon Preon aims to provide a framework for dealing with binary encoded data; or more specifically, it aims to deal with situations in which bytes are considered to be overkill.
forward-reference null
bounds-checker detect the inappropriate usage of memory regions.
null-propagation-operator The null-propagation operator, introduced in C# 6.0, eliminates the need for multiple null checks within a method call chain.
rtmps null
rtvs R Tools for Visual Studio is an official Microsoft extension for Visual Studio IDE that adds support for the R programming language.
scribe-workbench for questions related to Scribe an Integration software & data migration tool.
graphql-ruby null
multiple-regression a linear regression to determine one dependent variable based on several others
kleene-star In computation theory, the kleene star is a regular operation all regular languages are closed under.
klein-mvc null
kissmetrics a powerful web analytics solution that helps you to increase customer acquisition and retention rates, make smarter business decisions, and boost your bottom line.
magento-1.9.3 questions related to Magento 1.9.3 version of PHP eCommerce software and platform
java-access-bridge null
java-money Java Money and Currency API for the Java
unity-components scripts added to a GameObject in Unity3d.
unify null
jquery-dirtyforms jQuery Dirty Forms monitors forms for unsaved changes and alerts the user before leaving the page or closing the browser window
system-monitoring null
system.messaging null
nsapplescript null
autogen AutoGen - The Automated Program Generator of GNU Operating System
dbdatareader null
scadalts an Open Source, web-based, multi-platform solution for building your own SCADA system
deployr null
deployjava provides functions for web pages to detect the presence of a JRE, install the latest JRE, and easily run applets or Web Start programs.
facebook-payments the exclusive payments provider for Games on Facebook.
css-validator CSS validator checks whether your CSS styles to satisfy the requirements the specification
vsprops null
beatbox a minimal dependency python library for accessing the salesforce.com web services API.
minimum-size null
ggraph null
giphy-api Related to the use of the Giphy API
openssl-engine null
hadoop-2.7.2 an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing.
hamlc JavaScript templating using HAML and CoffeeScript.
thephpleague null
thawte null
this-keyword null
thredds an acronym for Thematic Realtime Environmental Distributed Data Services
turbopower TurboPower Software Company made many Turbo Pascal and Delphi utilities and component libraries.
jbossmq null
wcf-interoperability null
openpgp.js This project aims to provide an Open Source OpenPGP library in JavaScript so it can be used on virtually every device
objection.js An Object Relational Mapper for Node.js
objective-function either a loss function or its negative , in which case it is to be maximiz…
objectset null
sinopia an open source web application providing a private npm repository server.
switchery a component that turns default HTML checkbox inputs into iOS 7 style switches
esb-toolkit-2.0 Microsoft ESB Toolkit 2.0
error-messaging null
esky an auto-update framework for frozen Python applications
etetoolkit Use for questions related to the ETE toolkit, a Python framework to work with trees.
etcd3 null
arrayofstring null
zephir Zephir - Ze Ph Ir - is a high level language that eases the creation and maintainability of C-extensions for PHP.
arrangeoverride null
nssplitviewcontroller a View Controller available in Interface Builder since OS X 10.10 that contains split view items .
chromebug a tool for debugging XUL applications with Firebug-like capabilities
chirpy a Visual Studio plug-in that can mash, minify, and validate JavaScript code, CSS, LESS files, and more
chrome-app-developer-tool The Chrome Apps Developer Tool helps developers build and debug Chrome Apps and Extensions.
boost-bimap a bidirectional maps library for C++.
worklight-geolocation null
reactfire null
jquery-week-calendar a weekly calendar plugin based on jquery and jquery-ui
approximate-nn-searching Approximate Nearest neighbor search , also known as proximity search, similarity search or closest point search, is an optimization problem for finding closest points in metric spaces.
jmxtrans Tool to connect JVM via JMX to logging / monitoring / graphing packages
responsivevoice null
folly a C++ library of relatively low-level components, with very few dependencies, developed by Facebook
sequel-gem a ruby gem providing a simple, flexible, powerful and lightweight SQL database access toolkit for Ruby
sencha-command For questions related to sencha's command tool.
gomoku null
url-helper null
redisclient null
service-principal null
audioflinger null
fit-framework an open-source tool for automated tests.
ipp-protocol Internet Printing Protocol, a protocol to print files on Internet/Intranet printers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_Printing_Protocol
firemonkey-style only containers drawn in different styles
first-class called first-class if it can be constructed and manipulated at runtime.
fastlane-deliver null
qdate a class from the Qt toolkit which provides functions for working with dates.
subapplication null
canjs-routing can.route enables two-way binding with window.location.hash
canjs-view should be used for questions regarding ejs, mustache, stache, rendering, and mustache/stache helpers.
pull-queue null
testdroid a suite of commercial tools for Android and iOS application test automation.
rails-generators Rails generators use templates to create stub files for models, controllers, views, unit tests, migrations and generators itself.
qtoolbutton In Qt, the QToolButton class provides a quick-access button to commands or options, usually used inside a QToolBar.
verity a search engine which provides full-text indexing and searching.
datakey null
data-lake null
dataguard null
datalistitem null
msxml3 null
proc-r-package an R package for ROC curves.
communicator null
discounts null
discoverability the ability of something, especially a piece of content or information, to be found.
react-lifecycle null
ios-multithreading null
ios-library Library or framework for developing iOS apps
bloburls actually 2 combined concepts: BLOBs and Object-URLs in html5 and javascript
django-logging Django uses Python's builtin logging module
cocoapods-1.0.1 null
cocoa-scripting a framework for OS X for making applications scriptable
rhino-servicebus a developer-friendly service bus for .NET
rhino-commons a collection of useful .NET libraries and classes by Ayende Rahien.
ftputil The ftputil Python library provides a high-level interface to remote files over FTP, similar to os, os.path and shutil.
ftplugin the Vim editor's mechanism for running a set of commands based on the filetype of the file being edited .
rfc5322 RFC5322 specifies the Internet Message Format , a syntax for text messages that are sent between computer users, within the framework of messages.
zend-dom-query Zend\Dom\Query provides mechanisms for querying XML and HTML and XHTML documents utilizing either XPath or CSS selectors.
zend-feed null
zend-servicemanager null
hawkular a collection of metrics and monitoring-related projects
hcard a microformat for publishing the contact details of people, companies, organizations, and places, in HTML, Atom, RSS, or arbitrary XML
yii2-widget null
xclip a command line interface to the X11 clipboard.
wunderlist a hosted service to manage to-do lists
xcode7.1beta null
ktor a Kotlin Web framework developed by JetBrains
teaser null
lab-color-space a color-opponent space with dimension L for lightness and a and b for the color-opponent dimensions, based on nonlinearly compressed CIE XYZ color space coordinates.
kurtosis a statistical measure, which characterizes the relative peakedness or flatness of a distribution compared with the normal distribution
tdm-gcc null
enterprise-miner SAS Enterprise Miner streamlines the data mining process to create highly accurate predictive and descriptive models based on analysis of vast amounts of data from across the enterprise
layar null
createparams null
cross-process null
wagtail-snippet null
safetynet null
sage-crm for questions related to Sage CRM, line of software products for customer relationship management in the small and medium-size business market.
saddle null
safari-push-notifications Discussion around implementing Safari Push Notifications.
amazon-mobile-analytics for questions related to Amazon Mobile Analytics, where you can measure app usage and app revenue
amazon-marketplace Amazon.com's fixed-price online marketplace which enables sellers to offer new and used items alongside Amazon's regular offerings
amazon-ecr Amazon ECR stands for
laravel-views null
feature-engineering null
pyexiv2 null
pyevolve Pyevolve was developed to be a complete genetic algorithm framework written in pure python.
pyhive null
pylearn a machine learning library for python
powerschool Pearson PowerSchool SIS
pitch-detection null
pico part of the Pine email package and was designed to be an easy to learn text editor
pig-udf specify custom processing
phpcas an authentication library that allows PHP applications to easily authenticate users via a Central Authentication Service server.
pi4j Pi4J intended to provide a friendly object-oriented I/O API and implementation libraries for Java Programmers to access the full I/O capabilities of the Raspberry Pi platform
phirehose a PHP interface to the Twitter Streaming API
photoviewer null
psoc PSoC
pybossa For questions related to crowdsourcing framework written in Python to analyze or enrich data that can't be processed by machines alone.
oracle-agile-plm Oracle's Agile Product Lifecycle Management enables you to strategically manage the complete lifecycle of a product: from the ideation phase through to recycling and retirement.
opnet null
one2many null
onexception null
partialviews null
parse-dashboard null
payara-micro a lightweight build of Payara that builds on GlassFish embedded.
pbcopy null
pagerfanta a pagination library for PHP: https://github.com/whiteoctober/Pagerfanta
page-directives null
rsa-key-fingerprint null
routerlinkactive null
runsettings Unit tests in Visual Studio can be configured by using a *.runsettings file.
runat null
russian-doll-caching The technique of nesting fragment caches to maximize cache hits is known as russian doll caching.
sapscript a text handling system within SAP, predomenantly used to produce formatted output for printing.
scalaxb an XML data-binding tool for Scala that supports W3C XML Schema and Web Services Description Language as the input file.
sharepoint-timer-job null
scodec a pure functional Scala library that allows encoding/decoding of binary data.
scrooge a thrift code generator written in Scala, which currently generates code for Scala and Java.
selecteditemchanged null
regexbuddy a commercial Regular Expression IDE made by Just Great Software
reuters a news organization which provides many public datasets and APIs
resharper-10.0 null
rabbitmq-c a C-language AMQP client library for use with v2.0+ of the RabbitMQ broker.
rapidsql a SQL IDE allowing SQL scripting, query building, object management, debugging and version control.
radlistbox null
webhttp null
webistrano a Web UI for managing Capistrano based deployments .
website-hosting null
word-boundaries null
vnet be use for questions regarding The Azure Virtual Network https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview
visio2013 null
virtual-column not existing in a table of the database, but that is calculated at access time.
vfork a C function available on many Unix-like systems to fork a process
vertx-httpclient null
vanilla-forums a lightweight Internet forum package written in the PHP scripting language using the Garden framework
tlabel a nonwindowed VCL control that displays non editable text on a form
tilestache A Python-based server application that can serve up map tiles based on rendered geographic data
ti-dsp null
tokyo-tyrant a package of network interface for Tokyo Cabinet, a key value database.
uikeyinput null
uft14 null
ubuntu-touch For questions relating to Ubuntu for tablets/phones and the Ubuntu Touch Developer SDK preview.
update-attribute null
sysprep the name of Microsoft's System Preparation Tool for Microsoft Windows operating system deployment
tablefooterview null
tcombobox an edit box with a scrollable drop-down list attached to it
text-width null
temporal-difference a prediction method which has been mostly used for solving the reinforcement learning problem.
statefulset null
svnlook svnlook as an administrative tool for subversion
syncano the first Data-as-a-Service platform, making it simple for front-end developers to build real-time synchronized apps by connecting to data anywhere, anytime."
spc null
solaris-studio Oracle Solaris Studio, Oracle's advanced C, C++ and Fortran development tool suite, delivers the latest in compiler optimizations, multithread performance, and powerful analysis tools for the best app…
stagexl StageXL - a Dart package for impressive 2D content like Games and other rich applications.
sitefinity-10 a .NET based CMS developed by Progress Software
shelljs For questions related to portable implementation of Unix shell commands for Node.js.
sign-extension null
smartsheet-api-1.1 null
siteorigin null
smart-device-framework null
simpledialog a re-imagining of the original SimpleDialog - it's purpose is to provide an easy programmers interface to dialog popups.
silent-notification null
sql2o a small Java framework that makes it easy to execute SQL statements on your JDBC compliant database from Java.
sql-server-2016-localdb null
spannablestringbuilder for questions related to the SpannableStringBuilder Android API class for text whose content and markup can both be changed.
spotify-scio a Scala API for Google Cloud Dataflow and Apache Beam inspired by Spark and Scalding.
spring-environment null
svn-client a sofware implementing the client role specified in the client–server model of the Subversion revision control system.
svg-sprite null
stdev Returns the statistical standard deviation of all values in the specified expression.
starscream a conforming WebSocket client library in Swift for iOS and OSX.
stompjs The Stomp module provides you with a client interface for interacting with STOMP messaging brokers.
storagefolder null
textformat null
table-footer null
updatable-views null
unnotificationtrigger null
ucd IBM UrbanCode Deploy
ubersvn null
ui-patterns null
traceability null
touchswipe TouchSwipe a jQuery plugin for touch devices.
tls1.0 Transport Layer Security version 1.0 - formerly an upgrade of SSL Version 3.0
twilio-functions null
validationmessage null
user-location null
vertical-rhythm null
vgam null
virtual-drive null
viemu an emulation of the Vi/vim editor for Visual Studio, Word,Outlook and SQL Server
videocore an audio and video manipulation and streaming graph library for iOS.
vizard Commercial, Python based Virtual Reality toolkit from WorldViz
windows-themes null
windows-xp-sp2 the edition, the second package of Windows XP Operative system, created by Microsoft
webviewchromium null
way2sms null
watson-nlu null
rapid-prototyping Use rapid-prototyping for questions related to patterns, conventions, or coding guidelines which facilitate development of quick experiments which can be demonstrated in order to gather immediate feed…
rack-mini-profiler null
radhtmlchart null
readlink null
ravendb-http the wire protocol for communicating with a RavenDB Server
raw-pointer neither a smart pointer nor shared pointer.
quake a first person shooter created and relesed by idSoftware in 1996
renpy a visual novel engine that helps you use words, images, and sounds to tell stories with the computer.
resharper-4.5 null
revmobads null
rim-4.5 null
remote-administration null
select-object PowerShell cmdlet that selects objects or object properties.
scd2 null
scene7 an integrated, rich media management, publishing, and serving environment.
setforegroundwindow null
sequence-analysis Sequence analysis is the analysis of how people or other units of study move from one state to another
sap-erp enterprise resource planning software produced by the German multinational SAP SE
sap-gui the standard front end tool for SAP Systems
sapjco3 the short-cut for Java connector
samsung-gear null
rowheader null
r-portfolioanalytics null
pallet a Clojure-based platform for building automated infrastructure deployment tools.
page-factory null
pact-java a cross-language tool that provides Consumer Driven Contracts testing.
pattern-guards In function definitions by clauses with pattern matching, pattern guards allow for additional pattern matching inside guards, to determine which clause is chosen for execution
pattern-synonyms Abstraction of patterns in the pattern matching sense
onestepcheckout null
onos an open source SDN controller platform.
oracle-nosql a distributed key-value database
orchestra a small library that can be used in web applications to provide features such as conversation-scope persistence contexts and declarative transaction annotations.
pyarrow a Python interface for Apache Arrow
python-hypothesis a Python library for creating unit tests.
proximityapi Contains classes that support connections between devices that are within close range.
prime-ui a spin-off project from the PrimeFaces project and features pure Javascript Components designed for progressive enhancement, Rest and Json.
prebid.js A free and open source library for publishers to quickly implement header bidding.
project-setup null
phassetcollection null
pine-script is a popular web based trading platform, similar to *MetaTrader, NinjaTrader*, and *TradingStation* etc
plinqo an enhanced alternative for the most popular ORM frameworks
plr null
plovr a build tool that dynamically recompiles JavaScript and Closure Template code
plottable A library of modular chart components, built on D3.
python-object null
federated-queries the SPARQL 1.1 ability to take a query and provide solutions based on information from many different sources
fbwebdialogs null
nhaml a .NET implementation of the popular Rails Haml view engine.
nhibernate-caches null
laravel-response null
sails-orientdb OrientDB adapter for Sails.js / Waterline ORM.
amazon-dynamodb-dax a fully managed, highly available, in-memory cache for DynamoDB
wab Web Application Bundle, an OSGi bundle that contains a web application and that can be deployed in an OSGi container
vue-test-utils null
ipcs a Linux/Unix command-line utility that provides the status of IPC facilities.
app42 an api for the Platform as a Service and Backend as a Service offering of shephertz.
react-server null
ng2-datepicker a datepicker component for Angular2.
cross-page-posting By default, buttons and other controls that cause a postback on an ASP.NET Web page submit the page back to itself
croppie null
cross-application null
database-edition null
entity-framework-extended Entity Framework Extended provides batch updates, deletes and queries for Entity Framework
backout null
telprompt null
kubernetes-ingress Ingress gives you a way to route requests to services based on the request host or path, centralizing a number of services into a single entrypoint.
xcode8-beta4 a prerelease version of Xcode 8 released on August 2, 2016.
wwsapi null
wsat null
workflow-engine null
yield-from an expression in Python for delegating to a subgenerator.
zend-app-bootstrap null
zend-controller-plugin null
jsr179 JSR 179 - Java ME API that produces information about the device's present physical location to Java applications.
jsonreststore a lightweight datastore implementation of an HTTP-based client with RESTful data interaction capabilities.
fsharp.data.sqlclient a family of F# Type Providers facilitating statically typed access to input parameters and result sets of T-SQL commands in idiomatic F# way
fs2 FS2: Functional Streams for Scala
protactor an end-to-end test framework for AngularJS applications
multi-catch multi-catch refers to new functionality in Java 7 that allows developers to catch multi exceptions type in one catch block.
provider-hosted null
netflix-archaius a configuration management library with a focus on Dynamic Properties sourced from multiple configuration stores.
block-comments A syntax element that allows multiple lines of text to be used as comments, , without having to mark each and every line separately as a comment.
blacklight an open source Ruby on Rails gem that provides a discovery interface for any Solr index
reactive-kafka Akka Streams Kafka, also known as Reactive Kafka, is an Akka Streams connector for Apache Kafka.
qsizepolicy a layout attribute describing horizontal and vertical resizing policy in Qt framework
xcarchive null
xamarin.droid null
wysiwym an acronym for What You See Is What You Mean, and refers to a paradigm for document editing
progid null
linearmodels A python package which provides estimation and inference in some common linear models including panel data and instrumental variables estimators
data-linking null
data-interchange null
rails-assets null
httpoison for questions related to the HTTP client for Elixir
test-project null
texinfo a typesetting syntax used for generating documentation in both on-line and printed form with a single source…
pubxml null
pubdate null
transmogrifier a framework for creating repeatable/shareable processes in Python with modules called blueprints, combined into a pipeline.
fastjson A fast JSON parser/generator for Java, or a smallest, fastest polymorphic JSON serializer for C#.
fastly a CDN provider.
houghlinesp should be used only for concerns related to finding lines using Probabilistic Hough Transform
ng-sortable AngularJS Library for Drag and Drop, supports Sortable and Draggable
iphone-keypad for keypad related questions for iPhone devices.
iphone-64bit null
logicblox a that combines transactions, analytics, planning and business logic
servicepoint used to implement web service end-points.
servicenow-rest-api null
viper-mode null
marble null
mapzen null
gpu-constant-memory A device-global memory space on a GPU which caches constant data for all cores to read .
gofmt Go command
typehandler null
typescript-compiler-api null
matlabpool A set of labs for use in the execution of parfor-loops and some statements
persistence-manager null
angularjs-limitto null
application-variables null
action-menu null
activation-context-api used to manage the activation context and create version-named objects with manifests.
governance-registry null
activerecord-relation null
pfimageview An image view that downloads and displays remote image stored on Parse’s server.
pf-datatable PrimeFaces p:dataTable component related questions
pgi-accelerator the OpenACC compilers and related directives for x64+accelerator gpu hardware acceleration platforms
pgo a method of supplying the compiler with data about common flows which should be optimized.
ryujit The next-generation JIT compiler for .NET
rcc part of the Qt framework and is used to embed resources into a Qt application during the build process.
jquery-xml null
tally Questions related to Tally software, from Tally solutions.
rust-macros null
rxdatasources null
react-highcharts Highcharts component for react
worklight-analytics IBM Worklight includes the IBM WebSphere Analytics Platform , which is the engine that drives the IBM Worklight scalable operational analytics feature.
work-stealing A task scheduling algorithm, well suited for shared memory environments, where parallel processors can easily access each other's pending tasks.
rdrand an instruction for returning random numbers from an on-chip random number generator.
pypng Pure Python library for PNG image encoding/decoding
writealltext null
boost-uuid a C++ library that provides an implementation of Universally Unique Identifiers.
tadotable null
streamwriter.write null
openbr a communal biometrics framework supporting the development of open algorithms and reproducible evaluations.
default-constraint null
arrowdb ArrowDB provides a set of REST APIs for creating, managing, and accessing data in the cloud.
esri-leaflet null
highpass-filter null
umbraco4 null
umbraco-mvc Umbraco allows you to use Razor to build your views but offers two flavours
uivibrancyeffect null
open-mobile-api a standardized, open and cross-language programming interface for access to secure elements in mobile devices.
openmrs The world's leading open source enterprise electronic medical record system platform.
mongodate null
weak-events Events that don't hold strong references to their subscribers.
turing for the programming language named Turing.
tuple-relational-calculus null
adm-zip A Javascript implementation of zip for Node.js
jbehave-plugin using to integrate JBehave with different editors.
thinkpad line of laptop computers and tablets was originally designed, developed, and sold by IBM but is now produced by Lenovo.
gwt-widgets null
ansible-ad-hoc null
anthill a flexible build, test, deploy, test, and release automation framework that forms a Continuous Delivery pipeline.
livelock null
ghostscriptsharp null
git-am Git command for applying a series of patches from a mailbox.
requestfiltering null
mio a lightweight IO library for Rust with a focus on adding as little overhead as possible over the OS abstractions.
beancreationexception org.springframework.beans.factory.BeanCreationException is thrown when a BeanFactory encounters an error when attempting to create a bean from a bean definition.
beaker-notebook documents which contain code blocks, output, figures, and text.
minima null
ctakes a natural language processing system for extraction of information from electronic medical record clinical free-text.
facepile The Facepile Facebook plugin displays the Facebook profile pictures of users who have connected with the user's page via a global or custom action, or can also be configured to display users that have…
facepy Facepy makes it really easy to interact with Facebook's Graph API using Python.
facebook-java-sdk The Facebook-Java-SDK provides Facebook Platform support to your java-based web apps.
scala-maven-plugin http://davidb.github.io/scala-maven-plugin
automobiles a wheeled motor vehicle used for transporting passengers, which also carries its own engine or motor
autoscalemode The ContainerControl class and classes derived from it, such as Form, can automatically resize themselves and their contents according to either the current system font or the resolution of the displa…
vsinstaller null
nptl a software feature that enables the Linux kernel to run programs written to use POSIX Threads efficiently.
google-goggles a mobile application from Google, Inc
spring-social-google an extension of the Spring Framework that allows you to connect your applications with Software-as-a-Service providers such as Facebook and Twitter.
google-email-audit-api null
magic-mouse a multi-touch mouse manufactured and sold by
uifontdescriptor UIFontDescriptor objects provide a mechanism to describe a font with a dictionary of attributes
uib a set of components to use Interbase and FireBird
kingswaysoft to ask questions about KingswaySoft data integration software.
iedriverserver required to execute Selenium WebDriver tests in IE
multiton a creational design pattern
multi-targeting null
iconvertible Interface, which defines methods that convert the value of the implementing reference or value type to a common language runtime type that has an equivalent value.
ident null
magpie an RSS and Atom feed parser written in PHP.
flask-httpauth Simple extension that provides Basic and Digest HTTP authentication for Flask routes.
flex-grow A Flexible Box Layout property in CSS3 and React Native that defines the ratio of the size of the element or component in comparison to its siblings along the of its parent
flexlm null
ruby-cocoa null
num-lock null
box2dlights a open source framework for dynamic 2d lights and shadows for android and desktop using box2d physic geometry and raycasting.
webkit-perspective null
websecurity null
for-xml-explicit In MS SQL Server, the EXPLICIT mode provides the most flexibility in generating the XML you want from a query result.
secondary-live-tile null
hydrogen an Atom plugin that allows users to run code with an interactive REPL session with their language of choice inside GitHub’s Atom text editor.
iap-hosted-content With In-App-Purchase on iOS, Apple provide a service for hosting content to show when a user has bought an In-App-Purchase
sqlite2 null
xslf Apache POI - XSLF - Java API to Handle Microsoft Powerpoint pptx Files
constraint-kinds for asking question related to Constraint Kind or/and ConstraintKinds GHC extension.
sse3 SSE3, Streaming Single Instruction Multiple Data Extensions 3, is the third iteration of the SSE instruction set for the architecture.
connectivitymanager null
pixbuf Information that describes an image
plasmoid a widget for the KDE Plasma system, which can be placed on the screen background or in the panel.
play2-mini a subset of the Play! Framework that consists of a REST layer sitting on top of the Netty NIO socket server
skulpt An in-browser implementation of Python.
gsettings an API that allows you to access key/value pairs without directly talking to the actual backend that stores that data .
gtd Getting Things Done, David Allen's productivity book.
titled-border null
aspxcombobox null
geopositioning the identification of the real-world geographic location of an object, such as a cell phone or an Internet-connected computer terminal
generic-lambda Generic Lambda lets Lambda function parameters be set to auto to let the compiler deduce the type
gen-fsm gen_fsm stands for , a module behaviour in Erlang.
geoip2 null
toolstripstatuslabel null
class-cluster an architecture that groups a number of private, concrete subclasses under a public, abstract superclass
visual-studio-power-tools null
concreteclass null
concurrency-runtime Parallel programming library from Microsoft
lwuit-button the base class for several UI widgets allowing clickability.
meego-harmattan Nokia's MeeGo mobile operating system for N9 and N950 devices
splash-js-render a javascript rendering service
bindata A declarative way to read and write structured binary data in Ruby.
binomial-heap a type of priority queue data structure implemented as a forest of binomial trees
aws-elasticfilesystem for questions related to Amazon Elastic File system , which provides file storage services in AWS Cloud.
aws-elasticsearch for questions related to AWS Elastic search, which is an open-source, RESTful, distributed search and analytics engine built on Apache Lucene
spire a numeric library for Scala
flash-ide null
findancestor null
fiji just ImageJ
fibplus null
fanotify intended to provide an interface for on access file scanning and permissions gating based on the results of those scans
failed-to-load-viewstate a frequent problem encountered when creating dynamic asp.net pages when you fail to create the controls exactly the same way each postback.
gcmtaskservice For questions related to Android service that is used to schedule tasks for Google Cloud Messaging.
gconf null
gabor-filter In image processing, a Gabor filter, named after Dennis Gabor, is a linear filter used for edge detection.
fuse.js anything related to the usage of the fuse.js javascript fuzzy-search library
fluentcassandra a .NET library for the Cassandra database.
forem a little forum engine for Rails
formapi An API for adding forms to your Drupal website.
dreamweaver-templates predesigned web site templates that can be easily edited and customized with Adobe Dreamweaver.
edmgen null
edmonds-karp a polynomial-time algorithm for finding the maximum flow in a flow network.
dynamic-sizing null
expandometaclass null
extraction-operator Anything related to the C++ extraction operator for standard streams , i.e
ezapi a .NET wrapper for Microsoft's SQL Server Integration Services designed to simplify the programmatic generation of packages.
eviews a statistical package, used mainly for time-series oriented econometric analysis.
envoyer.io a zero downtime PHP deployment service.
enumerators null
google-product-search Google Product Search is a price comparison service launched by Google Inc
group-membership null
git-fast-import null
gitlab-pages null
git-notes to supplement a commit message without changing the commit itself
generative null
information-gain null
icepush Multi platform Open Source Ajax Push technology.
icefaces-2 null
if-none-match HTTP request-header field used with a method to make it conditional
iglistkit an open-source, a data-driven UICollectionView framework for building fast and flexible lists.
ijkplayer Android/iOS video player based on FFmpeg
imodelbinder null
hibernate3-maven-plugin This plugin provides easy integration with Hibernate 3.x in Maven Projects.
ibm-jvm the core component of the IBM Java Runtime Environment .
mvs the name for the IBM OS/VS operating system released in the late 1970s, and the name was used through MVS/ESA 5.2
mutated null
multiple-login null
multiple-gpu for .
multiple-arguments null
multiplechoicefield null
multilingual-app-toolkit The Multilingual App Toolkit works with Visual Studio to streamline your localization workflow for Windows Store, Windows Phone and desktop apps.
objectaid an agile and lightweight code visualization tool for the Eclipse IDE.
nxc is for 'Not eXactly C'.
nsfontmanager the center of activity for the font conversion system
morelinq This library enhances built in .NET Framework LINQ to Objects with extra methods, in a manner which keeps to the spirit of LINQ
msf null
mpir MPIR is an open source multiprecision integer library forked from the GMP project
mpi-rma should be used for questions concerning the one-sided communication mode of MPI, also known as MPI RMA.
mini-batch Use mini-batch when working with neural networks and in particular with mini-batch stochastic gradient descent.
mindmap null
mkstemp The mkstemp function generates a unique temporary filename
modern.ie null
manifest-merging null
manifoldcf an open source connector framework for website and enterprise search engines.
microsoft-query MS Query - an application that scans, selects and organizes the data from the database.
metaweblog an application programming interface that enables weblog entries to be written, edited, and deleted using web services.
meta-where null
junitparams JUnitParams project adds a new runner to JUnit and provides much easier and readable parametrised tests for JUnit >=4.6.
juno the tenth release of the open source software for building public, private, and hybrid clouds.
jseparator visually separate components with a line - most commonly used as a divider between menu items.
jsduck API documentation generator for Sencha JavaScript frameworks
jfxpanel null
jerkson a Scala wrapper for Jackson which brings Scala's ease-of-use to Jackson's features.
jpegoptim null
jasidepanels a UIViewController container designed for presenting a center panel with revealable side panels - one to the left and one to the right
jeet-grid a CSS grid system similar to that found in Bootstrap and Foundation.
jaxbelement Java EE JAXB representation of an Xml Element
javolution a hard-real-time collections library.
iso-8859-2 ISO codepage generally intended for “Eastern European” languages that are written in the Latin script
lyft-api Lyft API - https://www.lyft.com/developers
macfuse null
localauthentication null
list.js null
loadui a open source API load testing solution that is free and cross-platform
loadjava a utility application for Oracle databases which uploads Java files using the SQL CREATE JAVA statement to load the Java files into the Oracle database as schema objects.
linq-method-syntax null
laravel-envoy Laravel Envoy provides a clean, minimal syntax for defining common tasks you run on your remote servers
kotlin-reflect null
leon an automated system for verifying, repairing, and synthesizing Scala programs.
cfdirectory null
cewp an out-of-the-box SharePoint web part that allows users to enter rich HTML content.
cellinfo null
caa a API for Plugin development for the commercial software CATIA based on a component object model -like interface
ca2000 null
whoops A PHP library for better dealing with errors and exceptions
weld2 Weld 2.x, reference implementation of CDI spec 1.1.
biztalk-pipelines should be used to refer BizTalk Pipeline related Questions and Answers
badparcelableexception calling has died, because its hosting process no longer exists."
bigcouch BigCouch creates a cluster of databases, acting in concert to store and retrieve documents, index and serve views, and serve CouchApps.
carplay an iOS-car interface announced by Apple in March, 2014.
case-study null
bubble-popup null
btahl7 Referred to through the BTAHL7 moniker, the BizTalk HL7 accelerator provides BizTalk components for the purpose of consuming, parsing, validating and transmitting HL7 2.x messages.
bungeecord a popular library / framework for proxying minecraft servers behind a single gateway.
busy-cursor null
bwu-datagrid an advanced Polymer.dart grid/spreadsheet component inspired by the JavaScript SlickGrid component.
database-tuning-advisor null
delphi-units source code modules that are compiled individually to form an application.
decay null
dcpu-16 a simple 16-bit CPU used for the 0x10^c game by Notch.
django-suit a Modern theme for Django admin interface
dmi a feature of Struts2 framework that lets the character invoke a method other than `execute`.
device-name null
disability Anything related to human disability problems
cyclic-graph null
csound a sound design, audio synthesis, and signal processing system, providing facilities for music composition and performance on all major operating systems and platforms.
cpd CPD: Copy and Paste Detector: a tool for finding where source code has been duplicated/cloned.
cpplint an open source lint-like tool developed by Google, designed to ensure that C++ code conforms to Google's coding style guides
cpu-load null
coocox committed to provide free and open ARM Cortex M series development tools to users, especially for ARM Cortex M3 and Cortex M0.
color-wheel null
color-theory a body of practical guidance to color mixing and the visual effects of specific color combination
excon a usable, fast, and simple HTTP 1.1 library for Ruby.
com0com a kernel-mode virtual serial port driver for Windows.
conditional-expressions null
configurationelement null
contactus null
.net-gadgeteer an open-source toolkit for building small electronic devices using the .NET Micro Framework and Visual Studio or Visual C# Express.
3270 The 3270 protocol was designed in the 1970s to communicate between terminals and IBM mainframes
shapely.geometry null
shapesheet a spreadsheet-like environment, which is part of Microsoft Visio
eintr null
all-delete-orphan null
android-controls null
activity-streams an open format specification for activity stream protocols, which are used to syndicate activities taken in social web applications and services.
acts-as-ferret This ActiveRecord mixin adds full text search capabilities to any Rails model.
alchemy-cms a Ruby on Rails based web content management system.
aes-ni Intel's Advanced Encryption Standard New Instructions is an extension to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD proposed by Intel in March 2008.
asp.net-mvc-helpers templated short-cuts and controls for creating HTML elements and element groups to works with the ASP.NET MVC Framework
archos null
azure-function-app-proxy null
augmented-assignment Augmented assignment is the name given to certain assignment operators in certain programming languages
angular-materialize null
android-percent-library The Percent package provides APIs to support adding and managing percentage based dimensions in your app.
aglio a renderer for the API Blueprint language
airtable Questions related to interacting with Airtable databases programmatically.
cxf-xjc-plugin a maven plugin to automate the XJC tool for compiling XSD to Java source code as part of a maven build, usually as part of the phase.
cwac-endless CWAC-endless descripes an EndlessAdapter solution for Android Listviews developed by CommonsWare
alv ALV stands for ABAP List Viewer
qutip a quantum mechanics module in Python.
root-node a node with no parent, but which typically has children.
rose-diagram null
galsim GalSim, the modular galaxy image simulation toolkit
galleriffic a jQuery Image Gallery plugin that provides a rich, post-back free experience optimized to handle high volumes of photos while conserving bandwidth.
suppressmessage null
ora-00905 ORA-00905: missing keyword
ora-00600 ORA-00600: internal error code, arguments:
ora-01427 ORA-01427: single-row subquery returns more than one row
ora-06502 ORA-06502: PL/SQL: numeric or value error
passport-google-oauth2 null
mfslidemenu null
microsoft-dynamics-webapi A tag for questions related to the Microsoft Dynamics Web API
build-helper-maven-plugin For questions relating to the Maven plugin build-helper-maven-plugin.
keepass a free open source password manager, which helps you to manage your passwords in a secure way.
kadira Performance monitoring tool for Meteor
iterated-function null
suricata Suricata refers to the multi-threaded Snort implementation.
itmstransporter null
iui JavaScript UI framework for developing web applications with iOS-like interface
ixmldomdocument null
build-environment null
buildmaster a free integrated build, release, and application lifecycle management system that provides automation of the software development build, test, and deployment processes.
build-management null
microblogging a broadcast medium that exists in the form of blogging
pascal-case A variable/function naming practice that capitalizes the first letter of each word in the name
optix a raytracing engine from NVIDIA, using GPUs .
cfoutput Displays output that can contain the results of processing ColdFusion variables and functions
support-v4 null
sumologic a cloud-based log management and analytics service.
gcc4.4 Version 4.4 of GCC
rose-db-object a Perl module, which is the ORM part of the Rose set.
round-slider Round slider is a jQuery plugin that allows the user to select a value or range of values
qvboxlayout In the QT framework, the QVBoxLayout class is used to construct vertical box layout objects.
package-info PackageInfo class help developers to provide overall information about the contents of a package.
p4java null
custom-notificaiton null
aide to reference configuration files and modifications to AIDE.
android-mvvm null
android-multiple-users Questions regarding the particulars of the Android multiple users implementation.
aramex for the APIs provided by Aramex, such as their Rate Calculator API, their Shipping Services API, their Shipments Tracking API, and their Location Services API.
asus null
asterisk-ari null
adobe-javascript null
adodbapi A DB-API 2.0 module for accessing data sources via Micrsosoft ADO
elasticsearch-analyzers null
accelerate null
.netrc The .netrc file contains data for logging in to a remote host over the network for file transfers by `ftp`
content-based-retrieval null
configsource null
cometchat CometChat - a jQuery chat software
executable-format null
excel-template null
excel-2000 one of the releases of Microsoft's Excel
exasolution an in-memory RDBMS for business intelligence solutions
context-sensitive-help null
content-repository the technical underpinning of a content application, like a Content Management System or a Document Management System
cordic CORDIC is a simple and efficient algorithm to calculate hyperbolic and trigonometric functions
copy-initialization null
cpropertysheet null
cperl-mode an Emacs mode for editing Perl that expands on the functionality of `perl-mode` and provides a variety of IDE-like editing, reference, and navigation functions.
cyclone a python web framework, a clone of facebook's tornado, on top of twisted.
ditto A MODx plugin that lists data from documents to create output in many formats.
deviceid null
devkitpro provider of homebrew toolchains for wii, gamecube, ds, gba, gp32 and psp
direct3d12 DirectX 12 introduces the next version of Direct3D, the 3D graphics API at the heart of DirectX
djinni a tool by the Dropbox team to simplify cross platform development for mobile devices
doze null
docview null
debconf Debian package configuration management system
delphi-4 a specific version of Delphi
demangler null
bootstrap-ui null
callermembername `CallerMemberName` provides useful information about the caller within the called method.
c++-actor-framework an open source C++11 actor model implementation featuring lightweight & fast actor implementations, pattern matching for messages, network transparent messaging, and m…
better-errors-gem Better Errors replaces the standard Rails error page with a much better and more useful error page
benchmark.js A robust benchmarking library that works on nearly all JavaScript platforms, supports high-resolution timers, and returns statistically significant results.
beginthread null
beginread null
bash-on-windows null
azure-msi Azure Managed Service Identities
base62 a positional notation compression notably used by Dean Edwards' packer JavaScript compressor.
wideimage An open-source PHP library for image manipulation
pointer-address null
p-np Used for questions about the P versus NP problem.
chalice a Python Serverless Microframework for AWS
clustering-key null
clpb CLP stands for Constraint Logic Programming over Boolean variables
cls A Common Language Specification defines how computer programs can be turned into bytecode
clrmd a managed library for analysis of crash dumps or live processes regarding .NET internals.
click-counting null
lemoon a Content Management System based on ASP.NET which uses SQL Server.
legacy-sql null
kotlin-js-interop null
kohana-db null
load-factor null
machine-config null
mac-office Microsoft Office for Mac.
isp-principle The Interface Segregation Principle in object-oriented design, one of the SOLID principles.
isaserver null
internal-compiler-error a bug in the compiler logic that prevents it from properly compiling or linking code that is otherwise syntactically correct
jena-rules Java-based framework for building Semantic Web applications
java.time.instant The Java class to represent an instantaneous point on the time-line
jpa-1.0 for questions about the version 1.0 of the Java Persistence API
jquery-mobile-pageshow null
jfrog-mission-control JFrog Mission Control offers centralized control, management and monitoring for all your enterprise artifact assets globally
jscompress An online JavaScript compressor that uses UglifyJS2 for all compression.
jquery-select2-3 Select2 4.0 was released in March 2014 and is a complete rewrite of the Select2 code base
metafor a free and open-source add-on for conducting meta-analyses with the statistical software environment R.
meteor-cordova null
method-dispatch null
midori is a lightweight, fast web browser that uses the WebKit rendering engine and a GTK+ interface.
mcollective The Marionette Collective AKA MCollective is a framework to build server orchestration or parallel job execution systems
manchester-syntax Use in questions related with Manchester syntax or topics that use this syntax, such as a DL query.
match-phrase null
ming an Object Document Mapper for the python/mongodb
msdeployserviceagent null
monocle-scala a Lens library, or more generally an Optics library where Optics gather the concepts of Lens, Traversal, Optional, Prism and Iso
notificationservices null
non-termination two kinds of non-termination: Existential and universal non-termination.
nxhtml an addon to Emacs for editing XHTML, PHP and similar things.
objcmongodb a Mac OS and iOS library for MongoDB and BSON.
na.rm null
mysql-parameter null
naming-containers null
neo4j-embedded Use of neo4j embedded directly into a Java application, using GraphDatabaseService interface
neoeloquent The Neo4j OGM for Laravel
http-status-code-204 null
hermes-jms Hermes provides a Swing GUI to access `JMS` queues and topics for common tasks such as sending messages, removing messages and copying messages between queues and topics.
herestring Multiline string literals that use similar syntax, preserving line breaks and other whitespace in the text.
hermite Charles Hermite was a French mathematician who did research on number theory, quadratic forms, invariant theory, orthogona…
heap-profiling for questions concerning generation, visualization and analysis of heap memory profiling data, e
immutant an application server for Clojure
iisreset null
iis-metabase null
iinterceptor null
if-constexpr null
infosphere-spl specialized streams-oriented language used in IBM's InfoSphere platform
git-history-graph Git represents history as a directed-acyclic-graph of commits, where each commit has at least one parent commit .
google-deployment-manager an infrastructure deployment service that automates the creation and management of Google Cloud Platform resources.
google-content-api The Content API for Shopping enables you to programmatically upload product listings and so make your products easily discoverable through Google Shopping.
google-cloud-iot a fully managed service to easily and securely connect, manage, and ingest data from globally dispersed devices.
google-cloud-error-reporting Google Cloud Platform's Error Reporting product.
grunt-babel Grunt plugin for Babel
gpu-warp a logical unit in GPU kernel scheduling - the largest set of threads within the grid which are instruction-locked and always synchronized with each other..
gritter null
grails-constraints null
enyim.caching null
episerver-8 a web content management and e-commerce software platform based on the Microsoft .NET stack.
epiceditor An Embeddable JavaScript Markdown Editor
endorsed null
ewam for anything related to code written in the GOLD language using the eWAM IDE
executionpolicy A security setting for Windows PowerShell that enables you to determine which Windows PowerShell scripts will be allowed to run on your computer.
eclipse-templates null
elasticsearch-template null
dragging null
formal-semantics In programming language theory, semantics is the field concerned with the rigorous mathematical study of the meaning of programming languages
freecad a parametric 3D modeler
frameworkelementfactory Supports the creation of templates.
fluent-entity-framework Fluent API alternative for assigning model relationships
frm a file extension for formatting used with MySQL
fromhtml null
freegeoip Freegeoip.net provides a public HTTP API for software developers to search the geolocation of IP addresses.
gdscript a high level, dynamically typed programming language used to create content
fastadapter Android library that provides more convenient interface built on top of Android's adapters, which should increase development speed.
feedback-loop null
fiddle an extension to translate a foreign function interface with ruby.
flamerobin a database administration tool for Firebird RDBMS
winsock-lsp Winsock Layered Service Provider
winverifytrust null
include-once null
in-call null
ndbunit a .NET library that can be used to manage database state during unit testing.
mysql-error-1044 Error 1044: Access denied for user: '%s@127.0.0.1' to database '%s'
aws-pinpoint null
sp-msforeachtable null
s-plus S-PLUS was a commercial, object-oriented, implementation of the S programming language owned by TIBCO Software Inc.
sieve-language a programming language that can be used to create filters for email.
sieve-of-atkin A modern prime number sieve with better computational complexity than that of the sieve of Eratosthenes.
media-url MEDIA_URL that handles the media served from MEDIA_ROOT
measurement-studio a set of test and measurement class libraries, tools, and wizards from National Instruments, that integrated into the Microsoft Visual Studio environment.
liblas a C/C++ library for reading and writing the very common LAS LiDAR format.
global-object null
visual-c++-2017 The version of Microsoft Visual C++, a C and C++ compiler for Windows .
abstract-action Defines an Action object with a default description string and default icon.
class-reference null
cleaned-data null
topaz-signatures Topaz electronic signature capture devices
toolstripcontrolhost null
phplint a validator and documentator for PHP 4 and PHP 5 programs.
aspose-slides a component that allows .NET and Java developers to embed the ability to read, write, convert and manipulate PowerPoint presentations into their own applications without needing to re…
aspchart null
android-kenburnsview an Android library that provides an extension to ImageView that creates an immersive experience by animating its drawable using the Ken Burns Effect.
model-glue an OO web application framework based on the MVC design pattern
android-gradle-2.0 for questions specifically related to the version 2 of the Android Gradle Plugin, for generic questions use the android-gradle tag.
gtrendsr null
mobilefirst-qa IBM® MobileFirst Quality Assurance equips teams to capture tester and live user experience to continuously build and deliver high-quality mobile apps.
pkgcloud a standard library for node.js that abstracts away differences among multiple cloud providers.
node-static a simple, rfc 2616 compliant file streaming module for node.js
cayley an open-source graph database.
cbor The Concise Binary Object Representation is a data format whose design goals include the possibility of extremely small code size, fairly small message…
ccscene a subclass of CCNode that is used only as an abstract concept.
connection-close null
easy-digital-downloads an ecommerce plugin available for WordPress aimed at stores offering virtual goods.
mousetrap null
fourcc a sequence of four bytes used to uniquely identify data formats
webpartpage null
brackets-shell a CEF3-based application shell for the Brackets editor
brk brk and sbrk change the location of the program break, which defines the end of the process's data segment
nullif The NULLIF function in some SQL dialects takes two arguments
flex4.7 Flex 4.7 doesn't exist, so you probably mean Flex 4.6 or Flash Builder 4.6
flexboxgrid tag to be used for flexbox grid, a CSS library grid system based on the flex display property.
flask-cors A Flask extension for handling Cross Origin Resource Sharing , making cross-origin AJAX possible.
id3lib null
idataobject null
kickstarter A funding platform for creative projects
keywindow null
knockback.js Knockback.js provides Knockout.js magic for Backbone.js Models and Collections.
uidocumentpickerviewcontroller null
google-email-migration The Email Migration API lets migrate emails from legacy email systems.
java-bridge-method null
scalar-subquery an SQL subquery used as a scalar expression
google-gauges null
system.drawing.graphics null
nscfstring null
system-on-chip For question directly about programming 'system-on-chip' or writing 'hardware description language' code for these systems.
system-integration null
vrtk VRTK also known as the Virtual Reality Toolkit is a Unity3D package aimed at making developing for VR platforms easier and more productive
save-dialog null
facebook-tabs null
beat-detection null
missing-cookies null
getsockopt null
antlr2 Questions related about version 2 of ANother Tool for Language Recognition.
jberet JBeret provides an open-source Java batch processing framework based on JSR 352 .
tfs-security null
tso a command-line environment for IBM mainframes, analogous to a Unix shell
tup a file-based build system for Linux, OSX, and Windows
tufte An approach to data graphics design promoted by Edward Tufte.
jdepend a tool that traverses Java class file directories and generates software package metrics to measure the des…
simple-mvvm null
simpletype null
esplorer an IDE for esp8266 developers
etags used to create a tag table file, in a format understood by emacs.
ethercat EtherCAT - Ethernet for Control Automation Technology - is an open high performance Ethernet-based fieldbus system.
swift-structs for questions related to Swift structs, which allows you to create a structured data type, in Swift.
arscnview A view for displaying AR experiences that augment the camera view with 3D SceneKit content.
array-agg a database function to aggregate an attribute from different rows into a single array
zotonic both a content management system and a web framework, written in Erlang/OTP and depends on several open source products like JQuery, PostGreSQL DB, e.t.c
nsproxy an abstract superclass defining an API for objects that act as stand-ins for other objects or for objects that don’t exist yet
defaulttreemodel a default implementation for displaying JTree data in Java Swing.
deftype null
xlm NOT to be confused with XML, nor xlsm, nor xmlns, nor other ?xml s
drmaa DRMAA or Distributed Resource Management Application API is a high-level Open Grid Forum API specification for the submission and control of jobs to a Distributed Resource Management system, suc…
xml-column null
xml-1.1 null
mitk The Medical Imaging Interaction Toolkit
stream-analytics null
storm-orm an object-relational mapper for Python developed at Canonical.
opencv-drawcontour Function in OpenCV that enables drawing contours already found previously in a given image
opencl.net null
chgrp Change Group UNIX command.
checkinstall null
boost-icl a C++ library providing interval sets and maps and aggregation of associated values.
workling null
rxcpp null
pgm-protocol a reliable multicast transport protocol
pgloader null
persona a decentralized authentication system for the web based on the open BrowserID protocol prototyped by Mozilla.
origami a prototyping tool for designing user interfaces
orphaned-objects one that cannot be found in the directory tree
govendor null
application-structure for questions related to the Application Structure, i.e
maven-clean-plugin null
fontawesome-4.4.0 the newest version of font-awesome, the
force-touch a feature in Apple Watch that allows depth sensitivity when tapping
resulttransformer null
typescript-2.5 null
semantic-ui-css null
separating-axis-theorem determine if two polygonal shapes intersect.
pdfpages A Python method, in matplotlib, for generating a pdf with multiple pages or a Latex package for inserting external pdf documents.
golden-layout null
gpu-atomics Modern GPUs support atomic operations in different memory spaces
red5pro null
viewing null
vimpulse null
android-apt Gradle plugin for Android projects that controls annotation processing features.
sessiontracking null
audioinputstream a class in the Java package javax.sound.sampled
login-with-amazon Amazon's identity provider
iphone-sdk-3.1.3 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.3
atlcom null
intel-mpi an MPI implementation by Intel Corporation.
interactivepopgesture null
hortonworks-dataflow null
hourglass null
windowsondevices used for Microsoft's Windows developer program for IoT.
windows-media-services null
travis-ci-cli null
public-key-exchange null
html-title The element defines the title of HTML documents </title>)
pushstreamcontent null
tex-live an easy way to get up and running with the TeX document production system
tetgen a mesh generator written in C++, designed to partition any 3D geometry into tetrahedrons by employing a form of Delaunay triangulation.
testcontext null
rails.vim A useful vim plugin for ruby on rails developers, adds a lot of useful features such as syntax highlighting, navigation of the Rails directory structure, interface to rake, interface to the rails comm…
tesseract.js a pure JavaScript port of the Tesseract OCR engine.
canary-deployment the practice of deploying a new version of an application to a subset of production servers to test whether the new version functions properly in production without affecting all …
qaf QAF open source test automation framework for functional test automation using selenium, web-driver, appium and for rest based web-service
data-harvest null
datagridviewimagecolumn null
msxml4 null
msgrcv null
vbide VBIDE stands for Visual Basic Integrated Development Environment
liipfunctionaltestbundle Symfony2 Bundle with helper classes for writing functional tests
limit-choices-to null
xamarin.forms-styles Style formatting and style-based questions in Xamarin.Forms projects.
xamgrid a hierarchical data grid control designed for stylability and high performance
distributed-lock null
displayattribute null
angular2-hostbinding null
azure-dsvm Questions referring to the Azure Data Science Virtual Machine, which are Azure Virtual Machine images, pre-installed, configured and tested with several popular tools that are commonly used for data a…
angular2-seed high-quality, modular starter project for Angular 2 apps with statically typed build and AoT
blackfire Blackfire Profiler automatically instruments your code to gather data about consumed server resources like memory, CPU time, and I/O.
codacy Codacy tag should be used for issues related with the Codacy platform and/or its open source tools
codeeffects a .NET business rules engine that implements a web-based rule editor and a lambda-based rule evaluator classes
prophecy a highly opinionated yet very powerful and flexible PHP object mocking framework.
fstat null
cocoscreator a complete package of game development tools and workflow, including a game engine , resource management, scene editing, game preview, debug and publish one projec…
jspresso A full-stack Java/Flex/AJAX framework to develop desktop-like rich internet applications
yfiles The yFiles diagramming software components are extensive class libraries that enable you to add high-quality diagramming functionality to your own software applications.
yellow-screen-of-death ASP.NET related errors
yiic The term `yiic` stands for Yii Framework Console, which is a CLI to run Yii Console application commands.
headertext null
xcode6-beta7 null
xcode6.1.1 Apple's integrated development environment
xendesktop null
xerces2-j null
lambdify Module lambdify of sympy package provides convenient functions to transform sympy expressions to lambda functions which can be used to calculate numerical values
backoffice Backend Administration Tool For SAP Hybris Commerce Suits.
backing-field null
entity-framework-plus null
entity-system A programming paradigm in which objects are composed out of components, and are operated upon by systems
database-diagramming null
data-aware null
reify To means to take an abstract concept and make a concrete representation out of it
relx A release assembler for Erlang.
creative-cloud Adobe Creative Cloud allows you to virtually access, view and share creative files saved in cloud from anywhere in the world.
static-factory null
statistical-sampling null
reactor-netty Reactor over the Netty client server framework
babun a cygwin extension and runs under Microsoft Windows
angular-chartist.js null
angular-carousel An AngularJS carousel implementation optimised for mobile devices.
angular-dragula For questions related to Angular's wrapper for drag and drop library dragula.
laravel-orm null
sablecc a parser generator which generates fully featured object-oriented frameworks for building compilers, interpreters and other text parsers
odbc-sql-server-driver null
nimble a Grails plugin and provides kickstart authentication and authorization functionality to any Grails application.
autodesk-navisworks a 3D model aggregator and analysis tool developed by Autodesk.
python-server-pages null
powershell-core a new version of PowerShell built on .NET core
powershell-dsc a new management platform in Windows PowerShell that enables deploying and managing configuration data for software services and managing the environment in which these services run.
pii PII stands for Personally Identifiable Information -- that information which can uniquely identify an individual.
phaser a reusable synchronization barrier, similar in functionality to CyclicBarrier and CountDownLatch but supporting more flexible usage.
phantomcss null
photoshop-cs5 null
pq Pure Go Postgres driver for database/sql
pscx The PowerShell Community Extensions is an open source PowerShell module.
ps2 null
oracle-warehouse-builder an ETL tool produced by Oracle that offers a graphical environment to build, manage and maintain data integration processes in business intelligence systems
optics-algorithm Ordering points to identify the clustering structure is an algorithm for finding density-based clusters in spatial data.
openxls a Java spreadsheet SDK that allows you to read, modify and create Java Excel spreadsheets from your Java applications.
opentracing A vendor-neutral open standard for distributed tracing
opentripplanner A multi-modal, multi-platform trip planner with a REST API.
openidm a User Administration and Provisioning solution designed to manage user accounts, profile information, and access requests for customers, partners, devices, and employees, on premises and a…
openjpa-maven-plugin OpenJPA Maven Plugin provides useful tasks for building and maintaining an OpenJPA project with maven.
openjms an open source implementation of Sun Microsystems's Java Message Service API 1.1 Specification
opengl-1.x The first version of OpenGL, version 1.0, was released in January 1992 by Mark Segal and Kurt Akeley
openerp-6 an open-source enterprise resource planning software actively programmed, supported, and organized by OpenERP S.A
onepage-scroll null
parsey-mcparseface the English parser at the heart of SyntaxNet, a Natural Language Understanding framework for Tensorflow.
partial-functions null
pclose In C, the pclose function closes a stream that was opened by popen.
outputformat For questions relating to the format of an output from a hadoop reducer
output-clause null
parceljs Blazing fast, zero configuration web application bundler
parse4cn1 a CodenameOne extension library that enables integrating Parse in CodenameOne apps
pareto-chart null
routedcommand null
roauth an R package that
rngcryptoserviceprovider null
samsung-gear-s2 null
rup an iterative development process framework designed by Rational Software.
service-control-manager null
settings-bundle null
sharetribe a commercial provider of tools for marketplace websites.
reason-react the official Reason + BuckleScript bindings for ReactJS
real-number null
resharper-sdk The ReSharper SDK allows developers to create their own plug-ins for JetBrains ReSharper.
repeatbutton a control that raises its Click event repeatedly from the time it is pressed until it is released.
quagga a routing software suite, providing implementations of OSPFv2, OSPFv3, RIP v1 and v2, RIPng and BGP-4 for Unix platforms, particularly FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris and NetBSD.
qnames intended for questions related to XML namespacing and scoping of namespace declarations.
razorpay Razorapy provides APIs to process payments, invoices using cards, netbanking, wallets, UPI, and other methods
rabbitvcs a set of graphical tools written to provide simple and straightforward access to the version control systems on Linux.
wbxml a binary serialization of the .
websocket-rails Plug and play websocket support for ruby on rails.
word-diff Comparison between two or more words.
windmill a web testing tool designed to let you painlessly automate and debug your web application.
vmrun null
user-object null
truevault TrueVault offers healthcare applications a secure HIPAA compliant API to store health data.
twitter-button Twitter buttons help your visitors share content and connect on Twitter.
twitter-flight a lightweight, component-based JavaScript framework that maps behavior to DOM nodes
tracking.js The tracking.js library brings different computer vision algorithms and techniques into the browser environment
tomcat7-maven-plugin The Tomcat7 Maven Plugin provides goals to manipulate WAR projects within the Tomcat servlet container version 7.x -> http://tomcat.apache.org/maven-plugin-2.0/tomcat7-maven-plugin/
uia null
ui-leaflet AngularJS directive for the Leaflet Javascript Library.
u3d an abbreviation for Universal 3D
underscores-wp for questions relevant to Underscores, a starter theme for WordPress .
unchecked-conversion in .NET used to suppress overflow-checking for integral-type arithmetic operations and conversions.
userappdatapath null
table-definition null
tbb-flow-graph The Flow Graph interface extends capabilities of TBB to allow fast, efficient implementations of dependency graph and data flow algorithms, enabling developers to exploit parallelism at higher levels …
system-views null
text-services-framework a toolkit for creating advanced text input and natural language technologies
thruway Thruway - a PHP WAMP library
thunderbird-lightning Lightning brings the Sunbird calendar to the popular email client, Mozilla Thunderbird
starvation the indefinite postponement of a process because it requires some resource before it can run, but the resource, though available for allocation, is never allocated to this process.
stealjs a collection of command line and JavaScript client utilities for building, packaging, and sharing JavaScript applications.
sucker-punch a Ruby asynchronous processing library using Celluloid, heavily influenced by Sidekiq and girl_friday.
svncommit An MSBuild task to commit files to an svn repository
svn-administraton null
symstore null
space-tree used as input for this animation.
solrconfig null
speakerphone null
sqldb null
sproutcore-views null
staledataexception null
staf The Software Testing Automation Framework is an open source EPL project that enables users to create cross-platform, distributed software test environments
stanford-nlp-server refers to has been superseded by corenlp-server
squirrel a high-level object-oriented light-weight scripting language that's designed to be used in real-time requirements applications, like video games.
simevents null
site-definition null
sitecore-exm natively integrated into the Sitecore Experience Platform as a “one-stop shop” email service.
smartos an open-source Unix-like operating system
sitetemplate used to allow the rapid creation of web sites and basic content in a SharePoint system
soffice null
softirq software interrupts, which does not interrupt the processor like normal irqs.
skaudionode null
skel a framework for building responsive sites and web apps.
simple-machines-forum Free internet forum written in PHP using an SQL database backend.
spark-ec2 designed to manage multiple named clusters.
swift-array An array in swift programming stores multiple values of the same type in an ordered list
subliminal an iOS integration testing framework
stepper null
startup-error null
start-page null
struct.pack null
temporal-tables designed to keep a full history of data changes and allow easy point in time analysis
temporaries null
template-metal METAL is a an extension to TAL, XML-attribute based templating language standard to add macro functionality, used by Zope Page Templates, Chameleon, PHPTA…
template-instantiation null
tcollection a container for TCollectionItem objects
table-per-subclass for questions related to the *mapping* in Hibernate and is called Table Per Subclass.
user-defined-aggregate null
user-guide null
ubuntu-16.10 null
ucs A standard that defines a character set
uilocalizedcollation null
tkplot Interactive plotting of graphs
trilinos an effort to facilitate the design, development, integration and ongoing support of mathematical software libraries.
tweedie A family of probability distributions, which is a special case of exponential dispersion models.
video-gallery null
vh the unit
vpath null
war-files null
windows-1255 a code page used under Microsoft Windows to write Hebrew.
wookmark A jQuery plugin to create a dynamic, multi-column layout.
weceem a open source content management system built with Grails.
webspeed a part of Progress OpenEdge Application Server, a software application server, used for creating web enabled applications in the Progress OpenEdge environment…
rack-rewrite a Rack middleware that provides URL rewrite rules to Rack apps
qquickwidget a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a widget for displaying a Qt Quick user interface
resemblejs null
rfc3161 about the
reward-system null
remoteexception null
setstring null
setf Lisp: SETF macro C++: std::ios_base::setf sets the formatting flags to specified settings
scmmanager a easy to handle webapp designed to share and manage your Git, Mercurial and Subversion repositories over http.
select-insert null
scrutinizer a free-to-use + commercial code analysis-tool, running automated code quality tests against your code.
runcommand null
running-other-programs null
parse4j Java Library to deal with Parse REST API
outlook-form null
outliner null
perl5.8 perl5.8 refers to questions about that particular version of Perl
parsedown a fast and extensible Markdown parser in PHP
paypal-soap exposing various features of the PayPal platform through SOAP webservices.
occasionallyconnected Use the issues such as cloud-device synchronization and offline device operations.
openiso8583.net A .NET ISO 8583 message builder
oracle-type null
oracle-rac Oracle Real Application Clusters
prtg an extensible network monitoring product from Paessler AG
python-gearman null
pickerview null
php-closures null
pyjwt JSON Web Token implementation in Python.
pykalman A Python statistics library featuring a Kalman Filter, Kalman Smoother, and EM algorithm.
autodesk-designautomation null
angular-timer a library for creating built-in timers in AngularJS
fedora-26 null
fdb the command-line debugger for ActionScript 3.
federated-storage-engine used to access data in tables of remote databases instead of in local tables.
angular-e2e null
angular-dom-sanitizer DomSanitizer helps preventing Cross Site Scripting Security bugs by sanitizing values to be safe to use in the different DOM contexts
apksigner A tool in the Android SDK Build Tools which allows you to create and confirm APK signatures
apikit null
babel-register null
odatacontroller null
ng2-nvd3 ng2-nvd3 provides angular 2+ components for nvd3.
ng-annotate ng-annotate adds and removes AngularJS dependency injection annotations.
nexus-6p an Android based Smartphone manufactured by HUAWEI
staticlayout An Android text layout class for laying out text that will not change.
backbone.validation.js A validation plugin for Backbone.js that validates both your model as well as form input http://thedersen.com/projects/backbone-validation
reluctant-quantifiers null
registration-free-com null
database-installation null
layouttransition null
clist null
clistbox null
lager a logging framework for Erlang
commercetools a scalabale HTTP API-based cloud eCommerce solution that allows developers to create commerce solutions for all devices and platforms
command-line-parser The Command Line Parser Library offers to .NET CLR applications a clean and concise API for manipulating command line arguments and related tasks.
yapdatabase A key/value store built atop sqlite for iOS & Mac.
xcode8-beta3 null
wsrp an OASIS defined standard for communication with remote portlets.
workflow-manager-1.x server product from Microsoft that allows the hosting and execution of long running workflows
writexml null
word-spacing a CSS property that increases or decreases the white space between words.
wsdl2objc null
wso2es The WSO2 Enterprise Store brings a user-friendly experience to the enterprise for accessing and managing digital assets
hazard null
yguard null
r-haven The `haven` package for `R`
protocol-oriented null
netapi32 null
blaze-html a fast HTML combinator library for Haskell
blocked-threads null
azure-cloud-shell a browser-based shell experience running in the cloud to help manage your Azure resources, which is available in the Azure portal, the Azure mobile app, and in some Azure document…
angular2-dart null
reactivekit null
react-native-cli null
qsharedmemory In the QT framework, the QSharedMemory class provides access to a shared memory segment.
wxstyledtextctrl null
progmem null
invokeandwait A method provided by the SwingUtilities class in Java that executes synchronously code on the AWT event dispatching thread in order to correctly manipulate UI elements.
invariance Covariance, contravariance and invariance describe how the existing type inheritance hierarchy changes when subjected to some transformation
qt-events null
intrinsic-content-size null
interwoven a collection of document and content management systems created by HP Autonomy
qb64 Freeware QuickBasic 4.5 compiler
qcolor In the QT platform, the QColor class provides colors based on RGB, HSV or CMYK values.
transformable only for questions directly related to core data Transformable attribute type.
pywikibot a bot written in Python to access the MediaWiki API.
camera-view null
structured-programming null
iredmail a free, open source mail server solution for Linux/BSD, provides services POP3/IMAP/SMTP, anti-spam, anti-virus, etc.
iranges a Bioconductor package: Infrastructure for manipulating intervals on sequences
testimonials null
quickbasic About Microsoft QuickBASIC
push-diffusion a high speed, high capacity, highly available, low latency pub/sub real-time messaging server for the Internet
http-content-range null
http-accept-encoding similar to Accept, but restricts the content-codings that are acceptable in the response.
windows-principal null
ng-packagr null
ngreact Use ngreact for questions related to the ngreact library, used to integrate ReactJS into AngularJS 1.x
firebase-util a collection of power toys and utilities for use in Firebase.
pandastream Powerful video encoding for the web.
paper-dialog null
paraccel Column-oriented DBMS for decision support and complex processing.
sessionend null
serviceknowntype null
servlet-2.5 A Servlet 2.5 specification targeted to the Java EE 5 platform.
android-binding-adapter null
vim-macros a great way to perform a one-time task, or to get things done quickly when you don't want to mess with Vim script or mappings, or if you do not yet know how to do it more elegantl…
view-templates null
view-model-pattern null
peekmessage null
mapael a jQuery plugin that allows you to display dynamic vector maps
uppaal an integrated tool environment for modeling, validation and verification of real-time systems modeled as networks of timed automata, extended with data types …
goertzel-algorithm The algorithm provides a means for efficient evaluation of individual terms of the Discrete Fourier transform
google-app-engine-go null
resumablejs a JavaScript library providing resumable uploads using the HTML5 File API
restframeworkmongoengine Django-REST-Framework-Mongoengine ports the standard SQL-based Django-REST-Framework to MongoDB
fms3 Stands for Adobe Flash Media Server version 3, a video streaming server.
angularjs-config null
persistence-ignorance null
appscale an open-source hybrid cloud platform.
activation-codes null
gpg-signature null
rxjs-dom RxJS-DOM provides Reactive Extensions for JavaScript bindings for HTML DOM objects to abstract over the event binding, Ajax requests, Web Socke…
jquery-upload-file-plugin Heyageek jquery / ajax upload file plugin
js2-mode An improved JavaScript mode for GNU Emacs that emulates many desirable features of IDEs.
react-fiber null
wpf-mediakit a WPF control for the DirectShowLib to play or record media, videos especialy.
boost-property-map null
boost-accumulators both a library for incremental statistical computation as well as an extensible framework for incremental calculation in general.
check-framework A unit testing framework for C.
childcontrol null
chinese-remainder-theorem a result about congruences in number theory and its generalizations in abstract algebra
tadodataset null
table-splitting null
opencore Questions related to OpenCore, multimedia framework of earlier Android versions
onscrollchanged Event called in response to an internal scroll in a view .
open-atrium open source collaboration software that enables organizations to securely connect their teams, projects and knowledge.
xhtml-1.1 a minor update to the original XHTML specification, in which previously deprecated elements were removed and XHTML 1.0 was modularized into a collection of abstract modules that provide s…
defaultmutabletreenode the base class used by Java to display content in a Swing based JTree.
pysal a spatial analysis library written in Python
pyrus the next generation installer for PHP packages .
pyscard a python module adding smart cards support to python.
zposition The Euler rotation about the z axis .
zipstream null
zope3 Zope 3 evolved out of Zope 2, and was originally intended to replace the latter
array-reduce PHP's array_reduce function allows you to use a callback function to iteratively reduce an array to a single value.
asar asar - Atom-Shell Archive Simple extensive tar-like archive format with indexing
swing-app-framework null
erubis a fast, secure, and very extensible implementation of
es6-map null
symfony2-forms Symfony2 Form component that makes dealing with forms easy.
simple-spring-memcached Enables caching in Spring-managed beans, by using Java Annotations and Spring/AspectJ AOP on top of the spymemcached, xmemcached or aws-elasticache client
mog a computer vision technique used for modeling the background pixels of an image like mixture of Gaussians of different weight that represent the pixel intensity.
site-column null
jcycle null
uitextposition A position in a text container—that is, an index into the backing string in a text-display view.
ttthumbsviewcontroller An iOS ViewController from the Three20 library.
adobe-animate an app to create animation for the web and also support the old format .swf
tstream null
anti-piracy null
live-update null
hacker-news a social news website about computer hacking and startup companies.
openshift-php-cartidges null
get-winevent null
ggdendro a set of tools for extracting dendrogram and tree diagram plot data for use with ggplot
image-effects Image effects represent any type of effect an image can have.
ghc-generics Generic programming support in GHC allows defining classes with methods that do not need a user specification when instantiating: the method body is automatically derived by GHC
minimum-cut A problem in computer science related to graph theory
bean-managed-transactions Bean-Managed Transactions in EJB 3.1 spec allows to set transaction boundaries programmatically by obtaining a transaction and specifying `begin` and `end` of transaction in the code.
minifiedjs a client-side JavaScript library, comparable to jQuery and MooTools in scope
bcrypt.net BCrypt Encryption Library for .NET Platform
facebook-send-api null
csx null
vssettings null
dockable null
docker-ingress null
docker-java Java API client for Docker
dmx-ssas the language used in Microsoft Analysis Services to implement data mining.
dn null
auto-registration null
automatonymous a free, open-source state machine library for .NET.
systemmenu a popup menu that contains common window operations such as .
system-analysis a problem solving technique that decomposes a system into its component pieces for the purpose of the studying how well those component parts work and interact to accomplish their…
nscountedset The NSCountedSet class declares the programmatic interface to a mutable, unordered collection of indistinct objects
npm-liveserver a software module for Node.js that allows users to create and manage a simple HTTP server that includes live-reloading capabilities.
control-p5 A GUI library for processing.
unity2.0 The Unity Application Block 2.0 is a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
unix-head The Unix `head` command displays the leading lines of a file.
universal-storyboard an interface to make of your apps in Xcode to iOS.
magento-go Magento Go - Hosted eCommerce for Small Merchants
mailman-gem An incoming mail processing microframework in Ruby
flickable null
graph-sharp GraphSharp - .NET, WPF Graph Layout framework
ruby-ffi a ruby extension for programmatically loading dynamic libraries, binding functions within them, and calling those functions from Ruby code.
numeral.js A javascript library for formatting and manipulating numbers.
braille Anything related to the Braille system, a tactile writing system for blind or visually-impaired people where letters are encoded on a physical surface as combinations of small protruding dots, allowin…
bpy the Blender Python API, used for scripting Blender plugins.
bower-register bower register <my-package-name> <git-endpoint> is bower CLI command to register a module/package.
adf-task-flow ADF task flows provide a modular approach for defining control flow in an application
securitydomain null
forwarderrorcorrection transmit data over unreliable or noisy communication channels
iaik-jce a crypto toolkit which means
iaccessible null
prezi a web-based presentation application and storytelling tool that uses a single canvas instead of traditional slides
easyautocomplete if your question is relating to jQuery Plugin easyautocomplete
ebtables a filtering tool for a Linux-based bridging firewall
xsl-choose Tests multiple conditions in conjunction with the `<xsl:otherwise>` and `<xsl:when>` elements.
xrc null
ss a command from iproute2
srp-protocol The Secure Remote Password protocol is a password-authenticated key agreement protocol in order to establish an encrypted channel based on a password.
ssreflect a set of Coq tactics which allows for small scale reflection
cbutton a class that represents a button control in the MFC
cbitmap null
offline-storage null
ojs Open Journal Systems
noip dynamic DNS services
no-match null
sktransition used to perform an animated transition between a SKScene object already presented by an SKView object and a new incoming scene.
skyfield Skyfield high precision scientific astronomy library for Python and NumPy
slf4j-api null
android-job For using android-job as an alternative to low level schedulers built into android.
tinkerpop-frames an API which facilitates exposing Graph vertices as Java objects
aspnet-development-server null
coefplot null
android-shell Android devices provide a Unix shell that you can use to run a variety of commands on the device
cold-start null
php-ide IDE for php language
tortoisehg-2.0 null
initwithcontentsofurl null
init-parameters null
claudiajs null
lunrjs Simple full-text search in your browser
giza++ A statistical machine translation toolkit mostly used for word alignment.
mediastreamsegmenter null
controlleras null
control-c null
split-screen-multitasking Provides display and interaction with multiple apps simultaneously, each in a separate region of the same screen.
binomial-cdf null
birt-deapi an API to create BIRT Reports by source code.
binascii null
mysql-error-1267 MySQL Error 1267: Illegal mix of collations for operation '%s'.
incapsula a cloud-based application delivery platform
spid A Server Process ID for MS SQL Server or Sybase ASE
filestructure null
filesystem-access Questions about programmatically accessing a file system
find-all-references null
fileupdate null
farpoint-spread a suite of Microsoft Excel-compatible spreadsheet components available for .NET, COM, and Microsoft BizTalk Server
fzf a general-purpose command-line fuzzy finder written in Go.
freerdp a free, open source implementation of the RDP protocol in C++
frequency-domain null
fuser null
fuslogvw a part of the .NET Framework SDK that facilitates debugging of assembly binding failures.
framemaker Adobe FrameMaker Desktop Publishing software
frappe Template for creating Express.js applications with CoffeeScript.
forgerock null
drawingarea a GTK widget for custom user interface elements.
dscl a general-purpose utility for operating on Directory Service directory nodes.
dual-table a special one-row, one-column table
dtsearch text search and retrieval technology that is available both as an end-user tool and programming APIs for C++, Java and .NET.
editpad null
ecslidingviewcontroller-2 a view controller container that manages a layered interface, commonly known as the “Side Menu”, “Slide Out”, “Hamburger Menu/Drawer/Sidebar”, etc… v2 is iOS 7+ specific.
edeliver based on deliver and provides a bash script to build and deploy Elixir and Erlang applications and perform hot-code upgrades.
executiontimeout null
evil-dicom a lightweight library written in C# enabling the inspection and manipulation of DICOM files
experience-manager the name of the SDL Tridion 2011 SP1 new authoring and editing environment
epipe a return value when writing to a file under Unix system
enide null
grunt-assemble null
gui-test-framework null
groovy-sql is an API for the Groovy programming language
gulp-compass a gulp plugin that can compile Compass files.
gulp-usemin a gulp plugin that can replace references to non-optimized JavaScript or CSS files in a set of HTML files.
google-cloud-debugger a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that lets you inspect the state of an application at any code location without stopping or slowing it down
google-cloud-launcher null
gnu-common-lisp the GNU project's Common Lisp compiler
gluon-desktop Use this tags for questions about the Gluon Desktop library and Gluon Ignite
glui a GLUT-based C++ user interface library which provides controls such as buttons, checkboxes, radio buttons, and spinners to OpenGL applications.
gmsplace GMSPlace encapsulates information about a physical location, including its name, location, and any other information we might have about it
getdibits null
getgauge Cross-platform, multi-language test automation framework
informat null
iis-modules null
imasdk null
heterogeneous-services possible to connect to, and execute queries against, multiple databases in the context of a single query, with the middleware joining the relations from the…
help-system null
hlint a program that gives suggestions on how to improve your Haskell source code.
http-range null
httpwatch an HTTP sniffer for IE, Chrome, iPhone & iPad that also includes a HAR file viewer.
html-formhandler an HTML form handling class written in Moose.
htmlextensions null
html-manipulation null
multi-model-forms null
mvcrecaptcha null
non-virtual-interface the use of an abstract-base-class with public non-virtual functions that delegate to virtual functions that can be overridden by derived classes.
nsfontpanel A Cocoa-based user interface for easily selecting NSFont objects.
mono-service Execute Mono/.NET services built with the ServiceProcess assembly.
mrtg The Multi Router Traffic Grapher, or just simply MRTG, is free software for monitoring and measuring the traffic load on network links.
modelmetadataprovider ASP.NET MVC 3 Model Metadata Providers
mobile-analytics null
manuals null
mcs Oracle's Mobile Backend as a Service offering
member-hiding Declaring a class member in a derived class with the same name as a method in a base class.
memory-pressure null
metaobject null
jgss null
joomla-community-builder the most popular social networking extension for the Joomla CMS
jonas a Java EE 5 certified Open Source OSGi Enterprise Server
jquery-jscroll null
jotform a online service that provides web forms for websites through an easy to use WYSIWYG editor.
javascript-marked for any question related to open source `marked` project
ionic-storage null
isalpha null
lwuit-textfield Allows in place editing using a lightweight API without necessarily moving to the external native text box.
lockdown null
log-viewer null
localtunnel Local tunnel helps you to share localhost web servers to the rest of the world
light-sensor null
keyhook null
jwt-auth null
keyboardfocusmanager null
least-privilege null
lanterna A Java library easying the job of creating a terminal application in Java by providing an AWT/Swing like stack.
letrec A recursive let construct in e.g
clickbank null
cinch Cinch may refer to an open source MVVM framework for .NET available in a WPF and Silverlight flavor or a ruby based IRC bot framework.
cassandra-lucene-index about the cassandra lucene index plugin created by Stratio placed in https://github.com/Stratio/cassandra-lucene-index
cassandra-python-driver Python client library for Apache Cassandra
cdonts null
pnrp a peer-to-peer protocol designed by Microsoft
c5 An open-source .NET generic collection library.
polyvariadic a function with a variable number of arguments, that can have polymorphic or just different types
widescreen null
embarrassingly-parallel one for which little or no effort is required to separate the problem into a number of parallel tasks
email-threading null
cactiverecord A class in Yii that implements the Active Record pattern.
bare null
bankers-algorithm It's a Resource allocation and deadlock avoidance algorithm
behance-api null
bluetooth-sco a type of radio link used for voice data transfer in bluetooth devices.
bottlenose null
dcc32 The command-line compiler provided to build Delphi applications.
debugbreak the user-mode break routine of Microsoft Windows.
dart-native-extension null
date-histogram A multi-bucket aggregation similar to the histogram except it can only be applied on date values.
data-uri-scheme The URI scheme for data URIs, defined in RFC 2397 as data:,&lt;data&gt;
documentum-dfs a SOAP API for accessing the functionality of a Documentum Content Server
dolphin-browser a Webkit-based web browser for various mobile operating systems.
domain-data-modelling null
document-storage null
dimension-reduction null
customcolumn null
cruisecontrol.rb null
cordova-win10 Cordova development targeting Microsoft Windows 10.
copy-local null
content-query-web-part null
excel-pivot null
columnspan null
completion-service null
compilation-time null
confd A tool to manage local configuration files using templates and data from distributed storage
concurrentskiplistmap null
content-expiration null
contentflow a Javascript library used to create Coverflows
powerpack null
.ico an image file format for computer icons in Microsoft Windows.
elasticsearch-geo-shape geo_shape mapping type in Elasticsearch that facilitates indexing and searching of abitrary geo shapes such as polygons.
shady-dom a lightweight shim of the Google Polymer project that provides some of the benefits of Shadow DOM to non-compliant browsers without the expensive resource cost of full Shadow DOM support.
postgrest PostgREST serves a fully RESTful API from any existing PostgreSQL database
postgresql-bdr Asynchronous bi-directional replication built in to PostgreSQL 9.4 and above
adobe-scout the newest profiler for Flash content running on both the desktop and on mobile devices .
activitydesigner Base class to develop user interface to Workflow Foundation activities
amp an RPC protocol for sending multiple asynchronous request/response pairs over the same connection
asciimath a tool for translating ASCII math notation to MathML and graphics
audio-video-sync Questions related to synchronization between audio and video during creation, transmission, reception and playback of content with both audio and video.
availability-zone null
apxs2 null
angularjs-ui-utils Companion suite to the AngularJS framework.
angularjs-timeout Angular's wrapper for window.setTimeout.
android-window null
android-vpn-service null
customproperty null
gauss reserved for questions about the GAUSS programming language, not the Gaussian distribution, or any of the hundred other things named after Carl Friedrich Gauss.
gang-of-four Originally refers to the authors of book whom are ErichGamma, RichardHelm, RalphJohnson, and JohnVlissides
gap-system a system for computational discrete algebra, with particular emphasis on Computational Group Theory
gae-python27 Google App Engine Python Runtime Environment.
vaadin-spring-boot null
sugar.js a Javascript library extending native objects by means of helpful methods.
superfeedr a feed API service which helps services publish and consume RSS feeds.
super-columns null
mesos-chronos null
cfsearch null
cgi-application a lightweight, flexible MVC framework used for writing Perl web applications that can be deployed using CGI, FasgCGI, mod_perl, or PSGI.
passport.socketio null
ora-04091 mutating, trigger/function may not see it
ora-00918 ORA-00918: column ambiguously defined
kendo-gantt a complex project management tool, especially useful for visualizing tasks which are a part of a project management cycle
build-triggers null
ivars null
itween a free open-source animation system for Unity3D.
itemselector null
kemal for questions regarding the Kemal framework for the Crystal language.
itil Information Technology Infrastructure Library - a set of concepts and practices for Information Technology Services Management , Information Technology development and IT operations.
bulk-mail sending a similar email to multiple email addresses.
kendo-sortable A component of the Kendo UI framework
micr Magnetic Ink Character Recognition, or MICR, is a character recognition technology used primarily by the banking industry to facilitate the processing of cheques.
microsoft-contracts null
efl The Enlightenment Foundation Libraries are a collection of libraries that make up the foundation of the Enlightenment DR17 window manager
cgimagesource null
supplementary Unicode code-points ≥ 0x10000.
vaadin-elements Polymer web components from Vaadin for business applications
vaadin-valo-theme a new theme in Vaadin 7.3 java web-framework.
dhclient null
akka-camel The akka-camel module allows Untyped Actors to receive and send messages over a great variety of protocols and APIs
gamequery a jQuery plugin to aid JavaScript game development.
garb-gem null
rosetta null
custom-sections null
oxwall a social networking software platform which is based on PHP and MySQL.
packed-decimal A convention for storing numerals, one per half-byte, with the final half-byte being an indicator of the sign
ovi null
ajaxhelper AJAX helper represents support for rendering HTML in AJAX scenarios within a view.
alt-key null
cut-and-paste null
android-viewflipper For questions relating to the Android ViewFlipper component
angular-ng loaded by default when an AngularJS application is started
android-priority-jobqueue null
android-os-handler A Handler allows you to send and process Message and Runnable objects associated with a thread's MessageQueue
applepayjs a JavaScript SDK available for Safari in iOS 10 and macOS Sierra for accepting Apple Pay payments on the web.
app-hub null
awesomeprint null
asp.net-cache null
amd-gpu null
android-debugging null
activity-state null
activeweb a Java web framework inspired by Ruby on Rails
adsutil.vbs Microsoft's Active Directory Utility script
akka-monitoring used to tie one actor to another so that it may react to the other actor’s termination.
shared-cache null
1wire null
2.5d simulate the appearance of being 3D, when in fact they are not, used in gaming for an otherwise three-dimensional video game that is restricted to a two-dimensional plane…
acceleratorkey A set of one or several keys to quickly access a menu or function
3dcamera Anything pertaining to the techniques for creating a 3d-camera effect in an application dealing with 3d-graphics
accpac the common name for the Sage ERP Accpac line of Accounting Applications, primarily serving small and medium sized businesses.
configserver null
componentkit An open source Objective-C++ view framework for iOS that is heavily inspired by React.
copytree for questions relevant to the `copytree` function, from the shutil module of Python.
cordova-4 null
cqengine a NoSQL indexing and query engine, for retrieving objects matching SQL-like queries from Java collections
custom-datetimepicker null
custom-eventlog null
d2xx null
devpi PyPI server and command line utilities for professional Python release work flows.
django-rest-framework-gis for general usage questions about django-rest-framework-gis.
document-set null
domainkeys null
datadriven null
dart-shelf a web server middleware for Dart
debug-build null
debian-stretch null
debuggerdisplay The DebuggerDisplay attribute can be added to a class, structure or many other elements of your code
dddd Distributed domain driven design deals with DDD in a distributed environment and how to integrate the different contexts.
debezium null
ddrmenu a menu provider for DotNetNuke, that allows a skin to have its own template for the menu markup.
border-container null
browser-width null
carp intended for questions regarding either the word Carp - a Perl module to return module-oriented stack traces, warnings and errors, or one of the following acronyms: Cache Array Routing Protoco…
bluepill A simple process monitoring tool written in Ruby
bonsaijs A lightweight graphics library with an intuitive graphics API and an SVG renderer.
base-path null
best-buy-api an electronics retailer that sells consumer electronics in store and online
bfd the GNU Binary File Descriptor library.
wheelnav.js Animated wheel navigation JavaScript library based on Raphaël.js
why3 a platform for deductive program verification
email-spec null
wifstream the C++ standard library type for reading wide characters from files.
c++-modules For questions regarding the C++ modules TS proposal as it evolves
char16-t The C++11 `char16_t` standard type represents a character in UTF-16 encoding.
chartfx a commercial package to create visually-rich, lightweight and secure charts that will enhance your enterprise application's display layer.
circleci-2.0 null
clickablespan null
click-framework a component based web-framework and top level Apache project.
cloudrail a free software library that abstracts multiple APIs from different providers into a single & universal interface.
lenny the codename for Debian GNU/Linux version 5.0.
laravel-controller null
knppaginatorbundle SEO friendly Symfony2 paginator to sort and paginate.
koding Web community to learn programming, develop apps, share code.
kognitio-wx2 an in-memory, Massively Parallel Processing relational database management system that is optimized for analytical workloads.
linq.compiledquery null
location-based null
long-lines null
macrabbit-espresso null
ironspeed a application generator which builds database and reporting applications for the cloud, web and Microsoft SharePoint environments.
ironscheme a R6RS Scheme implementation in .NET.
isinteger a MATLAB built-in function
ioremap `ioremap` maps bus memory into CPU space for memory mapped I/O in the Linux kernel
jquery-hotkeys jquery.hotkeys plugin lets you easily add and remove handlers for keyboard events anywhere in your code supporting almost any key combination.
jfeinstein An Android library that allows you to easily create applications with slide-in menus.
jquery-mobile-select based on a native select element, which is hidden from view and replaced with a custom-styled select button that matches the look and feel of the jQuery Mobile framework
js-data-angular an Angular wrapper for js-data that provides injectable resources, simple methods of binding data to the scope, and automatically registers the DSHttpAdapter using Angular's $http s…
justboil.me simple image upload plugin for TinyMCE.
jtwig a modern Java template engine designed for web development.
meteor-galaxy null
maruku a markdown-to-HTML processor
marytts an open-source, multilingual Text-to-Speech Synthesis platform written in Java.
math.js an extensive math library for JavaScript and Node.js.
material-theme a comprehensive guide for visual, motion, and interaction design across platforms and devices
mcimagemanager null
mod-proxy-ajp Apache module that provides support for the Apache JServ Protocol version 1.3
mjsip a complete java-based implementation of a SIP stack
mls A multiple listing service provides real estate information
ms-access-reports null
modx-chunks that contain textual content
moonmail a fully open source email marketing project, AWS - Lambda powered.
normalize-css A customisable CSS file that makes browsers render all elements more consistently and in line with modern standards.
noreturn An attribute in C and C++ that tells the compiler that a function does not return.
nlg a field dealing with automatic generation of natural languages.
nocount Setting NOCOUNT ON / OFF enables or disables the message that shows the count of the number of rows affected by a Transact-SQL statement or stored procedure from being returned as part of the result s…
object-address null
obfuscar an open source .NET obfuscator released under MIT license.
multipass null
multiparameter null
name-binding null
ner be used for all natural language processing questions involving named entity recognition, often written ner
neo4jrestclient Object-oriented Python library to interact with Neo4j standalone REST server.
network-state null
ibm-infosphere IBM InfoSphere Platform provides all the foundational building blocks of trusted information, including data integration, data warehousing, master data management, big data and information governance.
hextiles null
heliconzoo A repository of web frameworks and applications for Microsoft IIS: python with django, ruby on rails, perl with mojolicious
ijetty A port of the popular Jetty open-source web container to run on the Android mobile device platform.
ihaskell an implementation of the IPython kernel protocol which allows you to use Haskell inside IPython frontends such as qtconsole and notebook.
installshield-2014 The 2014 edition of InstallShield.
getmodulefilename null
getcustomattributes null
geiser a collection of Emacs major and minor modes that conspire with one or more Scheme interpreters to keep the Lisp Machine Spirit alive
gemini Bug-tracking software from Countersoft
geostatistics null
giter8 a command line tool to apply templates defined on github
gocardless relates to the recurring bank-to-bank payment processing API provided by GoCardless.
gulp-autoprefixer null
grouping-sets an extensions of the GROUP BY clause
grapevine a .NET class library for embedding REST/HTTP servers and/or clients inside any application
graph-api-explorer null
gradle-shadow-plugin A Gradle plugin for collapsing all dependencies and project code into a single Jar file.
envjs a simulated JavaScript browser
epiphany a web browser based on webkit
erlang-driver null
epollet Epoll in Edge Trigger mode
emptydatatext null
emcee an affine-invariant Markov chain Monte Carlo ensemble sampler.
event-simulation Simulation of a action or occurrence detected by the program that may be handled by the program
elasticsearch-ruby null
dynamic-rebinding null
dynamics-nav-2009 an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft
drupal-render a function that renders HTML given a structured array tree with a specific structure.
dpm a product from the Microsoft System Center suite that provides data protection and recovery for Microsoft products, by leveraging the capabilites of the VSS layer.
freak a keypoint descriptor based on human retina visual system.
funscript a lightweight F# library that lets you rapidly develop single-page applications
geckoboard From uptime and analytics to check-ins, Geckoboard is a hosted dashboard that’s available on any screen with a browser.
gee an utility library providing GObject-based interfaces and classes for commonly used data structures
flash-8 null
flashair an SD card with embedded Wireless LAN produced by Toshiba.
spin-rdf a W3C Member Submission that specifies a SPARQL-based rule and constraint language for the Semantic Web
wintersmith a simple yet flexible static site generator
nconf Hierarchical node.js configuration with files, environment variables, command-line arguments, and atomic object merging.
navigational-properties null
mysql-error-1292 MySQL error when trying to compare numeric and non-numeric data
mysql-error-1066 MySql Error #1066: Not unique table/alias: '%s'
bindonce a high performance binding for AngularJs Library.
biomart a Bioconductor package
sigils Symbols attached to variable names, showing datatype or scope.
sidetiq Sidetiq provides a simple API for defining recurring workers for Sidekiq.
sorting-network A network of comparisons/comparators for most efficient sorting programs where number of array elements are small.
meep a free finite-difference time-domain simulation software package developed at MIT to model electromagnetic systems, along with our MPB eigenmode package.
meeting-request null
sonarqube6.3 null
libarchive Multi-format archive and compression library
librsync librsync, the network delta compression library
gkpeerpickercontroller null
lumx a responsive front-end framework based on AngularJS & Google Material Design specifications.
abnf a metalanguage based on Backus–Naur Form
visual-c++-runtime null
clean-css a fast and efficient CSS optimizer for the Node.js platform and any modern browser
class-helpers Extends existing classes/records in Delphi without using inheritance
topography null
georgian Programming problems related to supporting the language of Georgia, which has a unique alphabet of its own.
collaborative-editing null
snowplow a powerful, flexible, scalable web analytics platform.
phpstorm-2016.1 The successor to PhpStorm 10
asp.net-mvc-templates Topics related to creating and customizing and styling Asp.net MVC view Engine to represent better user interface and experiment.
android-jodatime null
slicehost null
gtid a unique identifier created and associated with each transaction committed on the server of origin
gsmcomm null
oftype null
omniauth-twitter null
c-cda Consolidated CDA, HL7 standard other than CCD
ccscrolllayer CCScrollLayer Adds scroll feature for layers in cocos2d.
ssm null
apex-trigger Apex code that executes before or after operations with Standard or Custom object.
apiclient null
xspf a XML based playlist format
earthdistance null
eclipse-ecf Eclipse Communication Framework
prerenderview a JSF specific event which is triggered right before the render response phase
hydra-core a lightweight vocabulary to create hypermedia-driven Web APIs
hy a Python <--> Lisp layer
hyperhtml an innovative, standard JS Template Literals based engine, capable of mapping DOM updates directly to interpolations, without needing Virtual DOM abstraction
mousekeyhook The .NET library allows you to tap keyboard and mouse, to detect and record their activity even when an application is inactive and runs in background.
sqlreportingservice null
sql-navigator null
hug Python3 API development framework built upon falcon.
security-trimming null
bridj A Java / native interoperability library that focuses on speed and ease of use.
rtweet null
numeric-format null
scratchbox a cross-compilation toolkit designed to make embedded Linux application development easier
graphiql null
scriptable null
greasemonkey-4 a major milestone, breaking most of the Greasemonkey scripts for earlier versions .
greybox null
fleet fleet ties together systemd and etcd into a simple distributed init system
flatpak the new framework for desktop applications on Linux
flash-v3-components null
idbcommand null
magic-constants PHP provides a number of 'magic constants' such as __LINE__, __FILE__, __FUNCTION__, __CLASS__ and __METHOD__
ui-guidelines null
uibuilder no longer being developed.
google-form-quiz on questions about programmatically creation and/or edition of quizzes using Google Forms through Google Apps Script.
jquery-datatables-rails a Ruby gem that includes the jQuery DataTables plugin in the Rails asset pipeline
jquery-confirm a jQuery plugin that provides a vast set of features like auto-close, ajax-loading, themes and animations.
jqpivot a plugin for jQuery that implements pivot tables, a data summarization tool used in data organization and analysis tools such as spreadsheets and business intelligence software.
novocaine An analgesic for high-performance audio on the iPhone, iPad and Mac OS X.
nsanimationcontext null
nsapplication-delegate null
nscolorwell an NSControl for selecting and displaying a single color value.
nscolorpanel The NSColorPanel class provides a standard user interface for selecting color in an application
system.web.routing null
systemexit Method for abruptly terminating a program
vsewss null
desktop.ini Anything related to the `Desktop.ini` file used on Microsoft Windows OSes to customize some aspects of the folder where they are placed.
desiredcapabilities null
deskband A toolbar embedded into the taskbar
do-catch null
docker-maven-plugin To be used with programming questions that uses docker-maven-plugin
ctabctrl a Windows user interface control for managing a set of tab windows or tab panes
cstdint Header that declares types and macro constants to deal with fixed-width cross-platform integer types, available since C++11
ctp4 null
imagejpeg null
minimum-requirements null
missing-symbols string contents had been removed unpredictably or by accident during processing
hama a pure BSP computing framework on top of HDFS for massive scientific computations such as matrix, graph and network algorith…
hamming-numbers numbers whose only prime factors are 2, 3 and 5
ansi-sql-92 null
three-way-merge a merge between a base version of a file and two diverged versions
simplex-algorithm null
uivideoeditorcontroller A UIVideoEditorController object, or video editor, manages the system-supplied user interface for trimming video frames from the start and end of a previously recorded movie as well as reencoding to l…
hidden-fields null
moltin an e-commerce platform written in PHP and SDKs written in a number of languages, including JavaScript, IOS, Android, Ruby and Python.
swiz For issues relating to the Swiz framework for Adobe Flex, AIR and Flash.
symbol-not-found null
etcpasswd null
zii-widgets null
artificial-life Artificial life refers to programs that simulate worlds with one or more living organisms.
error-recovery null
deep-dream DeepDream - a code example for visualizing Neural Networks
nspathcontrol null
dropbox-sdk null
dropbear a software package that provides a Secure Shell-compatible server and client
dronekit-android for questions about building an Android app with the DroneKit set of APIs for drones from 3D Robotics.
openconnect null
strapi an open-source Node.js framework built on top of Koa for building applications
stp used to allow the rapid creation of web sites and basic content in a SharePoint system
react-dates An easily internationalizable, mobile-friendly datepicker library for the web developed by Airbnb.
react-datetime null
rdf-xml an RDF serialization , defined by the W3C
rdio a music subscription service with an API.
taglib-ruby Ruby interface for the TagLib C++ library, helpful for reading and writing meta-data of many audio formats.
gource a software version control visualization tool.
oriento Official node.js driver for OrientDB.
application-end Application_End method called by ASP.NET once for the lifetime of the application domain, not for each HttpApplication instance
angular-gettext Super-simple translation support for Angular.JS
maven-lifecycle null
font-smoothing null
flvplayer a simple flash video streaming solution for websites.
jobeet null
rest-firebase Ruby Firebase REST API client built on top of rest-core.
type-ahead null
goland an IDE by JetBrains for the Go programming language
url-protocol null
sendgrid-templates Questions related to SendGrid's templating engine, it's usage, API, etc.
typeface.js a JavaScript library that converts non-Web fonts into SVG objects loaded on a page in a canvas element.
pebble a lightweight, open source, Java EE template engine.
viewusercontrol null
android-cling a UPnP-compatible software stack for Java environments to interact with other UPnP-devices
android-bootstrap Android Bootstrap includes a full working implementation of Fragments, Fragment Pager, Account Manager, android-maven-plugin, Dagger, ActionBarSherlock 4, Menu Drawer, ViewPagerIndicator, http-request…
vinyl a general solution to the records problem in Haskell using type level strings and other modern GHC features, featuring static structural typing , and automatic row-…
redhat-brms For development issues encountered while using Red Hat JBoss BRMS
service-factory null
panelbar null
iphone-sdk-4.3 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.3
iphone7plus null
ngrep a grep variant for parsing text from network protocol data.
atomicboolean null
instapaper a simple tool to save web pages for reading later.
f-bounded-polymorphism Interfaces or classes having a type parameter which is a subtype of the interface itself, in any language; also known as the
windows-media-server null
hoptoad null
redmi-device null
pure-css a CSS with a minimal footprint
rails-activestorage a component of Ruby on Rails
stumbleupon a content sharing community
candy a JavaScript-based multi-user chat client using XMPP
pywinusb Pywinusb aims to be a simple USB/HID user application space 100% python package .
transitionend a transition event that occurs at the completion of a CSS Transition and therefore allows developers to perform actions that synchronize with the completion of a transit…
qandroidjniobject This Qt object helps executing pure Android Java code using a C++ syntax.
qtlocation The Qt Location API helps to create viable mapping solutions using the data available from some of the popular location services.
io-buffering null
ms-mpi Microsoft's MPI implementation based on MPICH
mtj a JNI-based Java wrapper for C++ library for computing numerical linear algebra.
datalife-engine a commercial content management system written in PHP and MySQL aimed primarily at news distribution and blogs.
product-management For concepts or questions related to the management of a product
process-monitor an advanced monitoring tool for Windows that shows real-time file system, Registry and process/thread activity
communityengine a free, open-source social network plugin for Ruby on Rails applications
limited-user null
linkerd a transparent service mesh that adds service discovery, load balancing, failure handling, instrumentation, and routing to modern software applications.
link-local a IPv6 network address that is valid only for communications within the network segment or the broadcast domain that the host is connected to.
distillery null
qsys a system integration tool included as part of the Altera Quartus® II software.
dispatch-queue null
reactive-cocoa-5 splitted into multiple repositories which includes ReactiveCocoa, ReactiveSwift and ReactiveObjC.
azure-availability-set null
django-pyodbc-azure null
django-mysql null
blackberry-widgets null
nest-nested-object null
net.pipe null
proof-general a generic front-end for proof assistants, based on Emacs.
property-observer null
richfaces-modal RichFaces modal window
function-attributes null
zcml null
jstl-functions null
haste a Haskell-to-JavaScript compiler, aimed at the web.
heapalloc null
hbasestorage null
hdcp High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection is a form of digital copy protection developed by Intel Corporatio…
yii-xupload jQuery file upload extension for Yii, allows your users to easily upload files to your server:
wtx an IBM tool for B2B integration and data transformations.
xcode-scheme Xcode schemes helps to setup different environments for different builds
yarv a bytecode interpreter for the Ruby programming language developed by Koichi Sasada and has become the official Ruby interpreter for Ruby 1.9.
xwalkview XWalkView represents an Android view for web apps/pages
xnamespace null
xml-schema-collection null
lab-management a set of features that is included with Team Foundation Server and Visual Studio ALM family products to manage physical & virtual environments to be used with …
teamcity-5.1 Minor release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 5.1
tealium enterprise tag management and marketing software.
teamcity-10 null
e-notices E_NOTICE indicate Run-time notices in PHP's error_reporting
lattice-diamond Lattice synthesis tool for newer devices.
database-driven null
database-dump null
database-caching null
iota used by several programming languages or their libraries to initialize a sequence with uniformly increasing values.
aplpy APLpy is a Python module aimed at producing publication-quality plots of astronomical imaging data in FITS format.
angular-daterangepicker null
vw null
fedora-27 null
auto-compile null
sage-line-50 an enterprise accounting package
laravel-paginate Using pagination in Laravel Framework
pylibmc a Python client for memcached written in C.
docker-ucp Docker-UCP Deploy and manage Dockerized applications in production.
docker-secrets a tag for questions regarding Docker Secrets Management feature introduced in Docker 1.13
python-sounddevice null
photoshop-cs4 null
phfetchoptions null
posprinter POS for .NET class that defines the programmatic interface for a UPOS Printer device.
plt null
python-dragonfly a speech recognition framework for Python.
pydbg a python module to debug win32 executable
psyco a Python extension module which can greatly speed up the execution of any Python code.
primefaces-gmap null
primepush a server-push framework for the PrimeFaces JSF component suite.
oracle-fusion-apps a portfolio of next generation suite of software applications from Oracle Corporation.
oracle-fdw A foreign data wrapper for PostgreSQL to access Oracle tables as if they were local PostgreSQL tables.
openwrap a dependency manager for the .net platform
object-destruction null
open-esb a Java-based open source enterprise service bus
openform null
on-location-changed null
onkeylistener null
pay-per-click an internet advertising model
outgoing-mail null
outlook-2007-addin null
overcommit null
runscope a cloud based service that enables the monitoring, measuring and testing of Web APIs.
runtime-environment null
sal the Microsoft language for static analysis of C++ source code.
sap-r3 the former name of SAP ERP; the enterprise resource planning software produced by the German multinational SAP SE.
sane an open source API that provides access to raster image scanner hardware, written for Unix and Linux.
rlwrap a utility based on the GNU readline library that allows editing keyboard input for other command.
routeattribute null
r-qgraph a `R` language package that useing to visualize psychometric data.
selectmanymenu JSF tag to create a multi select dropdown.
selectpdf null
sfauthorizationpluginview null
server-application null
server-core a minimal installation option for Windows Server that lacks most GUI components
service-application null
ref-qualifier A way to specify the value category of the *this pointer in a member function.
redux-mock-store make testing with redux easier, with support for redux async action creators and middleware.
redux-promise-middleware null
re-engineering an art of understanding existing software and modifying it.
redux-store null
revolute-joints A revolute joint is a one-degree-of-freedom kinematic pair used in mechanisms
resharper-5.1 null
qpointer a Qt class which provides guarded pointers to QObject.
qodbc ODBC driver for connecting to QuickBooks data
qi a modern lisp-like functional programming language, which incorporates many ML-style features, and a very powerful type system.
qtwayland a Qt 5 module that wraps the functionality of the Wayland protocol.
rapidsvn a graphical client for Subversion , an Open Source version control system
razor-3 Version 3.0 of the ASP.NET Razor view engine used to create dynamic web pages with the C# or Visual Basic .NET programming languages.
twenty-ten-theme the default theme of Wordpress 3.0, shipped in 2010.
trix a WYSIWYG editor for writing messages, comments, articles, and lists—the simple documents most web apps are made of
trello.net A .NET API Wrapper for Trello
timelinemax An extension of Greensock's TimelineLite
tiddlywiki5 an open-source single page application wiki
tying-the-knot a technique in which you can create circular data structures in the absence of mutation by referencing a yet to be produced value.
usenet a distributed communications system on the internet related to news and discussion.
usb-hostcontroller null
unsafe-perform-io for questions concerning the function `unsafePerformIO` in Haskell and Scala, which lets you do arbitrary IO inside a pure expression.
vmware-sdk null
vogels a DynamoDB data mapper for node.js.
video4linux a video capture application programming interface for Linux, supporting many USB webcams, TV tuners, and other devices
websync an implementation of the Bayeux specification, commonly known as , for the .NET framework and IIS
webusercontrols null
watch-window refers to the watch window of MS Visual Studio that is used to view variables during debugging.
windsor-nhfacility The NHibernate facility slots into NHibernate and Castle AutoTx facility for LTM-transactions perfectly
system-restore null
tabbed-browsing null
syslistview32 null
template-variables Template variables consist of any of various conventions for declaring, initializing, composing or evaluating variables and expressions within a template engine.
strongly-connected-graph null
stateless-state-machine A C# Hierarchical State Machine
stenciljs a compiler created by the Ionic Framework team that generates Web Components
svn-trunk a main branch recommended by Subversion, but you are in no way forced to create it.
spec2 null
spawn-fcgi used to spawn remote and local FastCGI processes.
spark-structured-streaming Spark Structured Streaming allows processing live data streams using the Spark SQL engine
square-flow a small library that helps with describing an Android application as a collection of moderately independent screens.
sqltools null
sqlbuddy an open source tool written in PHP intended to handle the administration of MySQL over the World Wide Web
sitefinity-8 null
smartmatch a Perl operator that does comparisons of operands with possibly differing types .
soft-input-panel The Soft Input Panel is a special on-screen input method for devices which do not have standard keyboards.
software-product-lines Problems regarding maintaining multiple distinct lines of development for a product - either different editions for different markets, or custom versions for individual customers.
social-network-friendship for questions relating to friendship connections in social networks.
sockaddr-in null
smjobbless SMJobBless demonstrates how to securely install a helper tool that performs a privileged operation and how to associate the tool with an application that invokes it.
sming an open source framework for high efficiency native ESP8266 development.
smart-tv-alliance an international standardization organization responsible for creating the development and execution environment specifications, which are based on existing technologies and…
smart-tags null
soft-hyphen a soft hyphen or syllable hyphen, abbreviated SHY, is a code point reserved in some coded character sets for the purpose of breaking words across lines by inserting visible hyphens.
softaculous a commercial script library automating installation of open source or commercial web applications on a website.
smartercsv null
simplecursortreeadapter for questions related to SimpleCursorTreeAdapter class, used in Android development.
shingles a synonym for word-nGrams in computational linguistics and probability
shell-icons null
sharpkml an implementation of the Open Geospatial Consortium KML 2.2 standard developed in C#, able to read/write both KML files and KMZ files.
sproutcore-2 an MVC javascript framework for 'web-style' applications.
spyware software that is installed without user permission and sends personal data to an unauthorized server without user awareness.
sql-except The SQL EXCEPT operator combines two queries and returns those rows that are in the first query but not in the second
soy-templates null
spring-cloud-bus null
spring-cloud-connectors null
spring-2.5 an open source framework for application development on the Java platform
sublayout null
subfigure a package for Latex that provides support for sub-figures and tables by simplifying the positioning, captioning and layout of such objects within a single figure / table environment.
stroke-dasharray The SVG stroke-dasharray attribute controls the pattern of dashes and gaps used to stroke paths.
stm8 an 8-bit microcontroller by STMicroelectronics.
st-monad The strict state-transformer monad
stringindexoutofbounds null
terr shorthand for *TIBCO Enterprise Runtime for R*
teradata-aster the market-leading big data MPP database platform incorporating relational and Hadoop technologies and data stores coupled with advanced map-reduce and graph p…
tfidfvectorizer Used in SKLearn to convert a collection of raw documents to a matrix of TF-IDF features
targettype WPF: Gets or sets the type of the TargetObject, to which the ControlTemplate or Style is applied.
task-switching null
tcomb-form-native null
taurus Automation-friendly framework for Continuous Testing using JMeter, Selenium and other tools.
winhelp a help file format created by Microsoft.
window.closed null
watij a Java API created to allow for the automation of web applications.
webdrivermanager-java a Java library aimed to automate the Selenium Webdriver binaries management in runtime.
web-to-winforms null
video-ads one type of ad that can appear on AdSense sites
vidyo An API platform by the eponymous company to embed group video chat, screen sharing, and text chat into apps and web sites
vesa intended for questions related to programmatic access to video card BIOS settings.
vertex-cover null
user-mode-linux a para-virtualized variant of the Linux kernel, which makes it possible to run a complete Linux kernel and application processes as single process on a host Linux system.
vanishing-point null
vapi used to map the Vala code to C.
vb4android null
variable-width Variable-width encodings represent characters using a storage size that varies based on the character in question.
vobject intended to be a full featured Python package for parsing and generating vCard and vCalendar files.
vk-sdk null
v-model for questions related to the the V-model development process.
virtus Virtus allows you to define attributes on classes, modules or class instances with optional information about types, reader/writer method visibility and coercion behavior
upcase null
updatexml null
user-defined-fields null
unnamed-namespace An unnamed namespace in C++ restricts a set of declarations within an unnamed namespace block to the enclosing file
two-way-encryption apparently intended to embrace two-way authentication of SSL sessions
typolink null
ubuntu-8.10 For issues relating to using Ubuntu, version 8.10.
ui4j a web-automation library for Java
ui5-library null
ugc User-generated content
uglifier Uglifier change the source code of a program without changing their semantics, to prevent reverse engineering.
tone-generator null
tracking-pixel null
twig-filter about the value-transforming operators in the Twig template engine.
rautomation one of the rubygems for automating windows and their controls with Ruby
realm-cocoa null
qtwebview null
qt-resource From Qt website : « The Qt resource system is a platform-independent mechanism for storing binary files in the application's executable
resiliency a Windows Installer concept triggering automatic repair of broken installations.
resource-timing-api The Resource Timing API allows you to collect complete timing information related to resources in a document
resource-monitor null
resource-editor null
reparenting null
revit-2015 null
revenue null
reek Reek, the code smell detector for Ruby
realstudio the line of software development products from Real Software.
record-locking null
refspec null
regex-alternation Anything related to regular expressions alternation operation
reflog For issues relating to git reference logs, or .
remote-file-inclusion null
remove-method null
sequential-number null
selenium-edgedriver a WebDriver implementation that controls the Microsoft Edge browser using a MicrosoftWebDriver server.
selenium-extent-report null
setthreadaffinitymask null
select-into-outfile null
schemaspy a Java-based tool that analyzes the metadata of a schema in a database and generates a visual representation of it in a browser-displayable format.
rsa-sha256 null
ruby-paranoia a re-implementation of the `acts_as_paranoid` plugin that uses much less code
sarsa an algorithm for learning a Markov decision process policy, used in the reinforcement learning area of machine learning.
scaleform Autodesk® Scaleform® enables developers to leverage the power of the Adobe® Flash® tool set to create powerful and immersive user interface environments for PCs, game consoles, mobile devices, an…
ruport null
ova GPL based Open Source initiative dedicated to the development and distribution of Flash and HTML5 technology that enables the implementation of IAB VAST compliant Video Players.
page-inspector a tool that brings browser diagnostics tools into Visual Studio and provides an integrated experience between the browser, ASP.NET, and source code.
pagingtoolbar null
pagoda-box null
payment-services null
pddl null
pbuilder an automatic Debian Package Building system for personal development workstation environments.
opengis a term used by the Open Geospatial Consortium standards organization to describe their open standards for the storage and exchange of geographic data.
openehr an open standard specification in health informatics that describes the management and storage, retrieval and exchange of health data in electronic health records
on-clause null
omnixml an open source XML parser for Delphi, Turbo Delphi and Kylix.
optional-chaining a process for querying and calling properties, methods, and subscripts on an optional that might currently be nil
oracle-streams null
printf-debugging null
pstack Prints a stack trace of running processes.
pryr pryr provides tools to pry back the covers of R and understand the language at a deeper level
pyasn1 null
pvm Parallel Virtual Machine
plyr.js A simple HTML5, YouTube and Vimeo player
posix-select null
photran an IDE and refactoring tool for Fortran based on Eclipse and the CDT
pingback Tell another webpage that your page links to it via XML-RPC
angular-ui-tinymce null
nickel A web application framework for the Rust Programming Language.
vueify a Browserify transform for Vue.js components, with scoped CSS and component hot-reloading.
appcfg null
ios-targets Related to the Xcode projects targets
regioninfo null
backfire a set of Backbone bindings for Firebase
clj-time null
cliptobounds null
clockpicker a clock-style timepicker for Bootstrap or jQuery https://github.com/weareoutman/clockpicker.
cloud66 the application Platform which enables developers to deploy, manage and scale their applications on their own private servers or public cloud.
tempdir a temporary folder or temporary directory is a directory used to hold temporary files
telepot null
xname null
yara a tool aimed at helping malware researchers to identify and classify malware samples.
wsd a Windows Port Monitor that facilitates automatic printer and functionality discovery.
ws4j WS4J provides a pure Java API for several published Semantic Relatedness/Similarity algorithms.
wrk wrk - a HTTP benchmarking tool
yii2-module null
yui-menu The YUI Menu control adds dropdown functionality and the ability to create JavaScript menus.
yubico should be used for all products provided by the Yubico company, such as Yubikey, a two-factor authentication hardware key.
jsr250 JSR 250: Common Annotations for the Java Platform
js-routes a Ruby gem for Rails, which generates a javascript file defining all Rails named routes as javascript helpers/
js-scrollintoview The Element.scrollIntoView method scrolls the current element into the visible area of the browser window.
json-spirit a JSON parser implementation written on C++ and based on boost::spirit
zencoder Zencoder, a Brightcove service, provides cloud-based video and audio transcoding software as a service .
zend-rest-route null
rightjs null
right-justified text or page formatting that aligns text along the right side of a page
provisioned-iops null
blackberry-os6 null
code-complete a software development book, written by Steve McConnell and published in 1993 by Microsoft Press.
aztec-barcode a kind of 2D barcode, encoding machine-readable data as an image.
angular2-decorators null
disp null
xamarin-live-player For usage with Xamarin Live Player workflow.
xamarin.forms.entry null
verizon-wireless null
datagridrowheader Represents an individual DataGridRow header
version-compatibility null
mtrace null
msmq-transaction null
inview null
vcd a file that specifies an action or command to execute
vdso a Linux kernel mechanism for exporting some kernel space routines to user space.
qcodo an open-source PHP framework that focuses on freeing developers from unnecessary tedious, mundane coding.
pywavelets null
couchdbkit a Python library which provides a full featured and easy client to access and manage CouchDB.
ragged null
range-checking null
testify A sacred extension to the standard go testing package
punjab a HTTP jabber client interface
publickeytoken The application `PublicKeyToken` for a Windows application.
hostheader null
intellij-idea2017 null
atomic-swap null
ng-required null
ngmaterial null
ngx-bootstrap-modal null
firefox-driver included in the selenium-server-stanalone.jar available in the downloads.
logmein a suite of software services that provides remote access to computers over the Internet.
pangram a piece of text that contains every letter of the alphabet at least once.
pdfrw a pure-Python library that reads and writes PDF files
maping null
pencilblue an open source Node.js CMS and blogging platform.
pelles-c a lightweight freeware integrated development environment for Windows and Pocket PC programming in the C language.
android-actionbar-tabs null
androidappsonchromeos Tag for developing Android apps that run on Chrome OS.
type-equivalence intended for questions related to type casting which occurs when porting or migrating data structures from language or compiler to another.
sencha-cmd5 null
urlretrieve null
uri-fragment null
gogo-shell a subproject of Apache Felix implementing the OSGi RFC 147, which describes a standard shell for OSGi-based environments
angular-http-auth null
maven-docker-plugin null
angularjs-ng-switch used to conditionally swap DOM structure on your template based on a scope expression
google-sso Google Apps services for Single Sign-On
actionsheetpicker null
appodeal null
taffy a RESTful Web Service framework for ColdFusion
rwlock null
rust-diesel should be used for questions related to the diesel Rust ORM.
rustdoc the documentation generator for the Rust programming language.
react-dom-server The react-dom/server package allows you to render your components on the server.
wp7test a unit testing framework for unit testing Windows Phone applications
wpfgrid a WPF Panel which arranges child elements in predefined columns and rows.
opencl-c a programming language based on C99 that is used for writing kernel code to be used in OpenCL.
stream-operators Operators used for extracting or inserting into a stream.
mjml a JavaScript based framework to generate HTML emails for multiple mail clients with HTML-like markup
miui a stock and aftermarket firmware for smartphones and tablet computers based on the Google Android operating system
tabletop.js a javascript API for accessing data within Google Spreadsheets.
chop null
boost-multiprecision Boost library for numeric types with arbitrary precision.
dronedeploy A drone mapping software platform with a multi-platform app , a market for third-party apps, and a public REST API
drupal-contact-form refer to the contact form or the Contact module, a Drupal core module that implements a contact form.
xing a social software platform for enabling a small-world network for professionals
xml-conduit A Haskell conduit-based XML parsing library
nsshadow An NSShadow object encapsulates the attributes used to create a drop shadow during drawing operations
degrafa a declarative graphics framework for Flex.
nsolid a fully compatible Node.js platform enhanced to address the needs of the Enterprise
defaultview null
pyrocms-lex the tag parser of PyroCMS 2.0.
pyproj Python interface to PROJ.4 library
z-notation a formal specification language used for describing and modelling computing systems
zoneinfo null
zfc-rbac null
zfdoctrine null
escape-analysis Escape analysis determines all the places where a pointer can be stored and whether the lifetime of the pointer can be proven to be restricted only to the current procedure and/or thread.
symbian3 null
response.transmitfile null
mongodb.driver The official MongoDB C#/.NET Driver provides asynchronous interaction with MongoDB.
mongodb-compass null
hidden-characters null
hidpi null
simple-xml-converter null
sinatra-assetpack a Ruby gem that serves up CSS, JS, and image files to your Sinatra app, It minifies your production CSS and JS, enables for all files, and includes LESS, SCSS/SASS…
webbroker null
wct a unit-test harness that makes testing your Polymer Web components a breeze!
tss used in Titanium Appcelerator as a stylesheet file.
ttabsheet ttabsheet display an individual page embedded in a TPageControl VCL control
adobe-dps Adobe Digital Publishing Software Suite family provides a simple and affordable solution for designers, organizations and enterprises to publish digital materials.
ttstyledtextlabel null
thinky a JavaScript ORM for RethinkDB.
antlrv3ide An eclipse plugin for ANTLRv3 grammars.
ansible-container for questions regarding Ansible Container project
liveid null
lld the linker from LLVM.
listmodel null
filesavepicker null
hammerspoon null
mission-control For OS X Lion Apple took Expose, Dashboard and Spaces and rolled them all together into one feature called Mission Control.
ginkgo a BDD-style Golang testing framework built to help you efficiently write expressive and comprehensive tests.
gige-sdk null
reprojection-error null
vssdk null
facebook-graph-api-v2.1 Questions regarding Facebook's Graph API's currently latest version, v2.1
vs-android null
dbdeploy null
dbgeng null
dbobject null
system-font null
datetimeformatinfo null
java-memory-leaks null
magicknet an API for the ImageMagick library, wrapping the functionality into the CLR for access by the .NET languages.
kloxo For issues relating to the Kloxo web hosting control panel.
mainscreen null
identicon a small, abstract image that serves as a visual hash of identifying information such as an email or IP address.
ide-customization null
main-bower-files null
mailslot null
multiple-variable-return null
flask-principal null
grep-indesign Indesign's builtin grep function.
graphics3d null
graphiti for questions about Graphiti which is an Eclipse-RCP graphics framework that enables rapid development of diagram editors for domain models, with focus on EMF domain models.
screenrc Configuration files for Screen.
numeric-conversion null
numeric-ranges null
rubycas an implementation of the server-end of JA-SIG's CAS protocol, providing a cross-domain single sign-on solution for web applications.
numbered-list null
searchkit a suite of UI components built in react
brisk a distribution of Apache Cassandra, Hadoop, Pig and Hive, enabling MapReduce jobs to be executed across a scalable, peer-to-peer storage cluster
adfs4.0 Active Directory Federation Services 4.0 service in Windows 2016 provides simplified, secured claims based identity federation and Web single sign-on capabilities for end users who want …
adjustable null
mousecapture null
movesense Questions related to the Movesense tools API and sensors
prefixfree Javascript library that adds prefixes to CSS properties for browsers that need them
rtai Short for RTAI LXRT
eclipse-dtp for questions about the Eclipse Data Tools Platform which provides tools for simplifying database handling.
xstream-js a functional reactive stream library for JavaScript
apfs null
consensys-truffle Development and testing framework with integrated asset pipeline for the virtual currency Ethereum
ssis-2014 Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
sssd a system daemon that provides access to identity and authentication remote resource through a common framework that can provide caching and offline support to the system.
ccm a tool to create and destroy Apache Cassandra clusters for testing purposes
oma null
omake is a portable, consistent build system inspired by Make and implemented in OCaml.
oledbparameter null
og-meta null
pkcs12 one of a family of standards called Public Key Cryptography Standards , originally published by RSA Laboratories
slate a Python package that can extract text from a PDF file.
slidy A tool for making slideshows in HTML, created by the W3C
timestampdiff null
tinker null
codio a cloud-based visual front-end `IDE`.
sobipro SobiPro directory extension for Joomla
extension-function Extension methods enable you to methods to existing types without creating a new derived type, recompiling, or otherwise modifying the original type
sn.exe For questions about Sn.exe
sms-verification null
geo-replication null
geonetwork a catalog application to manage spatially referenced resources.
phpdbg phpdbg aims to be a lightweight, powerful, easy to use debugging platform for PHP 5.4+
php-cs-fixer null
php-safe-mode null
geogebra an interactive geometry, algebra, statistics and calculus application, intended for learning and teaching mathematics and science from primary school to university level.
geocoder An Android class for handling geocoding and reverse geocoding.
clbeaconregion null
initwithcontentsoffile null
inline-method null
libressl a version of the TLS/SSL protocol forked from OpenSSL.
libgomp A gcc implementation of OpenMP.
libopencm3 for questions about using libopencm3 library
libexif an EXIF Tag Parsing Library written in C.
sonarjs the JavaScript analyzer for SonarQube and SonarLint.
sourcekit null
controlbox null
controlcollection null
continuewith null
contextswitchdeadlock null
sidenav null
aws-marketplace an online store that helps customers find, buy, and immediately start using the software and services that run in the EC2 cloud.
bingbot a web-crawling robot, deployed by Microsoft to supply Bing
binding-expressions null
binary-indexed-tree Binary Indexed Tree also known as Fenwick Tree is a tree based advanced data structure that can be used to store and calculate cumulative sum or frequency
ndc null
index-buffer The index buffer contains integers, three for each shape in a mesh of structures, which reference the various attribute buffers ).
indexed-views null
spine an animation tool that focuses specifically on 2D animation for games
spherical-coordinate Spherical coordinates as commonly used in physics : radial distance r, polar angle θ , and azimuthal angle φ
wmdc null
finalcut Professional editing software which allows user to edit, organize, process, color-grade, deliver and output the plain video, 360° video and audio files to a wide variety of formats.
fieldlist null
factual an open data platform developed to maximize data accuracy, transparency, and accessibility
gdpr Issues and questions related to policy, process, procedure, controls and audits related to adhering to the GDPR regulation.
freemind null
framebusting null
forecastr a simple, asynchronous wrapper written in Objective-C for the Forecast.io API.
dta null
edge-side-includes a markup language designed for dynamic assembly of cached web content.
experience-editor the name for the WYSIWYG editor for version 8 of the Sitecore content management system.
expired-cookies null
expectj a Java implementation of the Unix expect utility.
explicit-destructor-call intended for questions related to programmatic deallocation of memory.
exi a W3C recommendation for more compact XML data.
extranet null
equational-reasoning Equational reasoning consists in manipulating definitions in referentially transparent code as if they were mathematical equations.
grammar-kit JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA plugin which adds BNF Grammars and JFlex files editing support including parser/PSI code generator
grapheme a unit of writing, generally smaller than a word
gridx the next generation of dojo grid
groupprincipal Encapsulates group accounts of Microsoft Directory Services.
grunt-concurrent null
gulp-minify-css A Gulp plugin that minifies css with clean-css
gulp-mocha null
handle-leak null
gitstack an implementation of the Git Server for Windows
google-container-builder null
git-describe null
getpicture An Apache Cordova camera function, getPicture takes a photo using the camera or retrieves a photo from the device's album.
general-purpose-registers fast memory cells located at the core of the CPU that supply data to the functional units and store their results.
informatica-cloud null
infinite-sequence null
ignoreroute null
image-thresholding null
haskeline null
ibm-jsf an IBM-proprietary closed-source JSF 1.x based component library from ~2004 which is included in WebSphere 5.x / RAD 6.x along with a visual editor
ibm-cloud-functions IBM Cloud Functions is a Function-as-a-Service platform which executes functions in response to incoming events
hoodie an Offline First and noBackend architecture for frontend-only apps on the web and on iOS
nis a directory service protocol for distributing system configuration data such as user and host names between computers on a computer network.
ninject-conventions a Ninject Extension that helps to reduce binding configuration code by implementing configuration by convention.
nelmio The NelmioCorsBundle allows you to send Cross-Origin Resource Sharing headers with ACL-style per-URL configuration in Symfony framework
nana a modern C++ library aimed at providing a GUI framework for cross-platform programming
mysql-routines null
mysql-error-2013 Error 2013: Lost Connection To Mysql Server During Query
mysql-escape-string null
multipart-mixed-replace null
nyc a command-line interface for the Istanbul code coverage tool.
nxbre an open-source rule engine for the .NET platform
nth-element Standard Template Library function that partially orders the array, ensuring that the nth element is in its rightful place as it would be if the array were sorted, also lower elements placed in …
nsuuid null
nszombies an Apple OS-specific reference to the zombie process
node.js-domains Domains provide a way to handle multiple different IO operations as a single group
monobjc a .NET/Objective-C bridge set of libraries that helps to develop Mac OS X application by using .NET languages.
mpmedialibrary An MPMediaLibrary object, or media library, represents the state of the set of synced media items on a device
mmc3 The Microsoft Management Console 3.0 provides a programming platform for creating MMC snap-ins using a Common Language Specification -compliant language
mklocalsearchrequest a utility object that you use to specify map-based search parameters.
modified-date null
mobile-data null
maven-source-plugin null
maven-versions-plugin null
mathematical-typesetting null
maven-scm-plugin null
mashery a commercial API management service for deploying, documenting and monitoring API services in the cloud or on premise
marpa a new parsing algorithm with a decades-long heritage
metalanguage null
juno-ide The Juno IDE for the Julia programming language
jquery-mobile-themeroller when your question relates to the ThemeRoller Mobile tool from jQuery.
jetspeed2 null
jimfs An in-memory file system for Java 7+
jprobe An enterprise class Java profiler by Quest Software.
irp kernel mode structures that are used by Windows Driver Model and Windows NT device drivers to communicate with each other and with the operating system.
jayrock a JSON and JSON-RPC implementation for the Microsoft .NET framework
makeappx null
lxml.objectify null
lotus-wcm null
lossy-compression null
lightstreamer A scalable solution for real-time bi-directional data delivery over the Web, based on publish-subscribe, with abstraction over the HTTP and WebSocket protocols.
kohana-2 Older major version of Kohana PHP framework
kotlin-dokka a documentation generation engine for the Kotlin language, handling both JavaDoc and KDoc style documentation comments.
levelhelper a level editor toolset for the Cocos2d and Corona game engines
libusb-win32 a Windows port of the USB library libusb-0.1
libsigc++ null
libsmbclient a library toolset in Samba that permits applications to manipulate CIFS/SMB network resources using many of the standards POSIX functions available for manipulating local UNIX/Linux fi…
lfsr From Wikipedia:
cloud-platform null
clickstream the recording of the parts of the screen a computer user clicks on while web browsing or using another software application.
clevertap null
client-scripting null
changetype null
cdo a free implementation of a Distributed Shared Model on top of the Eclipse Modeling Framework
cefpython an open source project founded by Czarek Tomczak in 2012 to provide python bindings for the Chromium Embedded Framework
cfbundledisplayname null
polarion SVN client from Polarion Software that enables Subversion users to work with SVN repositories using a web browser.
wildcard-expansion the process of pattern matching by treating a special wildcard character as a replaceable segment of the pattern.
emacs-speedbar null
berksfile the file that specifies the cookbook dependencies for a Berkshelf
beginthreadex null
balancing-groups .NET regex exclusive feature; looks like ``
bit-representation null
callisto a library for use in Windows 8 XAML applications
bootstrap-vue null
border-spacing a CSS property that specifies the distance between the borders of adjacent cells; equivalent to the cellspacing attribute and additionally allows specifying different horizontal and vertical spacing.
bootstrap-lightbox null
development-mode null
delphi.net null
dataconnect IBM Bluemix Data Connect, formerly DataWorks, is a self-service data preparation and integration service for users to access and prepare their data for analytics.
data-serialization the process of translating data structures or object state into a format that can be universally stored and r…
dataformwebpart null
data-vault a methodology and architecture created to address the business of designing, implementing, and managing a data warehouse.
download-speed the amount of data being downloaded in a second
dom4 DOM4 defines the event and document model the Web platform uses
django-smart-selects null
dmoz also known as the Open Directory Project .
dexmaker Programmatic code generation for Android.
cusp an Eclipse-based interaction environment for Common Lisp that utilizes the same Swank backend as SLIME.
currentitem null
crystal-reports-viewer used to view the designed the Crystal Report in the Application
cumulative-line-chart null
crdt Commutative Replicated Data Type
cordova-facebook null
cordova-android null
contenttemplateselector null
component-services null
color-key null
executefetchrequest null
codeigniter-pagination very easy to use, and it is 100% customizable, either dynamically or via stored preferences.
acl9 a role-based authorization gem for Rails applications
acid-state A haskell library that adds ACID guarantees to any serializable Haskell data structure.
.net-core-1.1 a free and open-source cross-platform development platform and the next generation of the Microsoft .NET Framework
elasticity null
shared-worker accessible by multiple scripts — even if they are being access by different windows, iframes or even workers — as long as they are on the same origin.
sharepointframework a page and web part model that provides full support for client-side SharePoint development, easy integration with SharePoint data, and support for open source tooli…
aegis one of the data-binding standards supported by Apache CXF web service framework
amiga a family of personal computers that was sold by Commodore in the 1980s and 1990s.
algol a programming language developed during the 1950s
asp.net-4.6 null
assertraises null
assessment null
asenumerable null
arcgis-runtime-net null
avr-studio5 the Integrated Development Environment for developing and debugging embedded Atmel AVR® applications.
avs a compression standard for digital audio and video, and is competing with H.264/AAC to potentially replace MPEG-2
avspeechutterance null
azure-gov for Azure questions scoped to Azure Government
aura.js A JavaScript framework with a decoupled, event-driven architecture for developing widget-based Rich Internet Applications.
async-workflow Support in F# for performing computations asynchronously, that is, without blocking execution of other work
aurigma null
autossh a program to start a copy of ssh and monitor it, restarting it as necessary should it die or stop passing traffic.
appengine-maven-plugin Questions about either of the Google Maven plugins for App Engine and using the Jetty Maven plugin in conjunction with an App Engine project.
apache-spark-1.3 Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.3 For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag .
apache-abdera Tag for questions related to the Apache Abdera project, an implementation of the Atom Syndication Format and Atom Publishing Protocol specifications.
android-vertical-seekbar an extension of ProgressBar that adds a draggable thumb
ajaxuploader null
p4.net an API for Perforce and .NET provided by Perforce.
akka.net-persistence null
diawi a platform that allows developers to upload IPA files to enable easy distribution to clients or other users.
diff3 a Unix utility to compare three files and show any differences among them.
superslim a third-party library for Android allowing you to present data in a sectioned format, and mix and match layouts inside of a RecyclerView
sunburnt a Python-based interface for working with the Apache Solr search engine.
message-bundle null
mercurial-server a set of python scripts to manage and share your mercurial repositories easily
ora-00937 ORA-00937: Not a single-group group function
build-pipeline-plugin A Jenkins plugin for setting up Continuous Delivery pipelines
bulk-import null
itemtemplateselector Gets or sets the custom logic for choosing a template used to display each item.
kendo-contextmenu A component of the Kendo UI framework.
kdbg null
karabiner Questions about extending Karabiner's functionality through use of private.xml
k6 a backend infrastructure load testing tool.
kendo-observable Part of Kendo UI framework and provides support for firing events.
microsoft.codeanalysis Formerly known as Project roslyn.
pass-by-rvalue-reference null
path-manipulation null
suo the file extension for the Solution User Options File for Visual Studio.
vaadin-touchkit a framework for writing mobile applications in pure Java.
cfinput part of the Cold Fusion input methods related to cfform.
gateways null
ropes a data structure used for storing and manipulating strings.
rolling-sum null
custom-linq-providers null
overrun null
android-view-invalidate visible, onDraw will be called at some point in the future.
android-trafficstats null
android-overscoll null
android-mipmap null
apache-marmotta an Open Platform for Linked Data.
authenticity null
aurelia-event-aggregator A lightweight pub/sub messaging system for app-wide or per- object loosely coupled events.
aurelia-http-client null
aws-amplify null
azure-eventgrid Reactive, event-driven apps with a fully managed event routing service on Microsoft Azure
avr-studio4 the Integrated Development Environment for developing and debugging embedded Atmel AVR® applications.
ashmem a linux kernel interface that allows processes which are not related by ancestry to share memory maps by name, which are cleaned up automatically.
asmselect A progressive enhancement to <select multiple> form elements.
ammo.js a JavaScript port of the c++ Bullet physics engine.
amazon-silk A web browser developed by Amazon for use on their Kindle Fire tablet devices.
android-designer null
analytics-for-apache-hdp IBM Bluemix 'Analytics for Apache Hadoop' service.
ads-api The Ads API allows you to create, manage and measure all of your ads via an API.
postcss-loader null
shared-directory null
acquisition null
codeigniter-helpers Rogue functions who don't belong to a class, but can be grouped by their final purpose in CodeIgniter.
ember-engines null
conferencing null
compilationunit null
comdlg32 The Common Dialog Box Library contains a set of dialog boxes for performing common application tasks, such as opening files, choosing color values, and printing documents.
contenttypes null
coolite null
covariant-return-types null
cson CoffeeScript-Object-Notation
crtdbg.h null
custom-contextmenu null
directory-security null
divx null
directxtk for questions related to the open source C++ utility library DirectX Tool Kit available for
documentpaginator null
document-store null
dmo COM-based data-streaming components
dkpro-core a collection of software components for natural language processing based on the Apache UIMA framework
django-widget-tweaks null
database-view null
delivery-pipeline A system for automating the delivery of software that can include build automation and continuous integration; test automation; and deployment automation.
delegatinghandler null
delete-method null
dda an interpolation algorithm for line-drawing
dce The Distributed Computing Environment is a framework and toolkit for developing client/server applications, developed in the early 1990s.
carbon-emacs null
bitsets null
bixolon-printer Bixolon sells point-of-sale printers
bankers-rounding null
bemsimplelinegraph an open-source charting library that makes it easy to create beautiful line graphs for iOS
bfo BFO develop Java PDF business to business software
bgiframe bgiframe fixes the <select> menu issues in Internet Explorer 6.
wikitude-sdk null
cactus a framework for unit testing server-side java code
c++builder-2007 a specific version of C++Builder
c51 a C language compiler for the 8051 family of microcontrollers
cockpit Server manager software used for administering Linux servers with a web browser.
cmfctoolbar null
celerity a JRuby wrapper around HtmlUnit – a headless Java browser with JavaScript support
clipped null
cj an online advertising company operating in the affiliate marketing industry
lfe LFE stands for Lisp Flavoured Erlang, a lisp syntax front-end to the Erlang compiler.
keyedcollection null
jxmapviewer null
linkmovementmethod a Java movement method in the Android API that traverses links in the text buffer and scrolls if necessary
lifecycleexception org.apache.catalina.LifecycleException indicates a lifecycle related problem.
linuxthreads null
location-aware null
loadvars null
lwuit-textarea An optionally multi-line editable region that can display text and allow a user to edit it.
longest-prefix null
magento-1.3 a version of the Magento eCommerce platform which was released on March 30th 2009.
maintainscrollpositionon null
mac-frameworks null
jbehave-maven-plugin null
jemalloc a general purpose malloc implementation that emphasizes fragmentation avoidance and scalable concurrency support.
jave a library for Java that wraps around FFMPEG to manipulate audio and video.
ios-9-beta3 null
iorderedenumerable null
jose null
jgap a Genetic Algorithms and Genetic Programming component provided as a Java framework.
jfeed null
jenkins-jira-trigger a Jenkins plugin that triggers a build when a certain condition is matched in JIRA
jsl a programming language with C/Java-style syntax embedded in the JMP graphical data exploration and statistics software from SAS Inc.
metering null
midi-interface null
maven-webstart-plugin a Maven plugin that builds JNLP files and prepares a Maven project for distribution through Java Web Start.
material-components-web Modular and customizable Material Design UI components .
maxstringcontentlength null
modified-preorder-tree-t null
mkcircle null
mooc an online course aimed at unlimited participation and open access via the web.
node-archiver node based file and directory archiving with streaming interface, modular plugins can enable other archive formats to be written simply
node.io null
nlm null
non-well-formed null
nopcommerce-3.80 null
non-uniform-distribution null
nonsequential null
nvml A C-based API for monitoring and managing various states of the NVIDIA GPU devices.
mvcrazortopdf Used create pdf documents within an asp .net mvc project by generating your views as normal then returning a PdfActionResult
myro a framework for programming robots
mysql-udf MySQL allows the creation of User Defined Functions, loadable into `mysqld` as shared libraries or dlls.
helmet.js a javascript library that helps you secure your Express apps by setting various HTTP headers.
hexagon-dsp a Digital Signal Processor , based on 32-bit multithreaded CPU architecture developed by Qualcomm
hive-serde null
immutablelist null
immediate-mode null
ice-protocol ICE is a protocol used to choose the best path between two users .
icd the International Classification of Diseases, a numerical classification system
ibm-streams an advanced analytic platform that allows user-developed applications to quickly ingest, analyze and correlate information as it arrives from thousands of data stream sources
implicit-parameters null
insert-image null
insertion-order For questions relating to the maintenance of the insertion order of objects into a collection/container.
insight.database null
inheriting-constructors null
getasync null
google-cloud-source-repos fully-featured, private Git repositories hosted on Google Cloud Platform.
google-cloud-kms for questions about Google Cloud KMS, a Google Cloud Platform service which allows developers to store and make use of encryption keys to secure data.
google-chrome-theme Google Chrome Themes
google-chrome-webview null
gmsautocomplete null
handlebars.net a .NET-native implementation of the handlebars.js template library.
hardware-port Low level I/O ports accessed via CPU instructions
gulp-jscs Gulp plugin for checking javascript code style with jscs
gulp-plugin null
grovepi+ null
google-realtime-api The Real Time Reporting API enables you to request real time data for an authenticated user
erlang-escript escript provides support for running short Erlang programs without having to compile them first and an easy way to retrieve the command line arguments.
end-of-life A term used with respect to terminating the sale or support of products and services.
execution-order null
event-hooking null
electronic-direct-mail null
drf-nested-routers null
forever-monitor null
fluent-design the Microsoft new design language for Windows 10 and UWP apps
flourishlib Flourish provides a strong, base set of PHP classes that run pretty much anywhere, helping you focus on solving more interesting problems.
framework-design null
formalchemy a python library that allows for easy HTML forms manipulation when using SQLAlchemy models.
fusefabric a provisioning, configuration and management solution for Apache Karaf, Apache ServiceMix and Fuse
function-definition null
fabric-beta null
fastcall Anything related to the `fastcall` calling convention, i.e
fieldeditor null
filevisitor null
flash-10 null
spek A Kotlin testing and specification framework for the JVM that allows to easily define specifications in a clear, understandable, human readable way.
spintax a simple markup format that allows marketers to craft documents composed of randomly replaceable words, phrases or sentences.
indexed-image null
incremental-compiler Use incremental-compiler for questions related to compilers which scan source code for changes, recompile only changed source code, then patch the resulting executable code.
incremental-linking Incremental linking allows the linker to update the existing executable when re-compiled.
winrt-httpclient null
impyla a Python client for HiveServer2 implementations for distributed query engines.
mysql-error-1136 Error 1136 Column count doesn't match value count
mysql-error-1142 Error 1142: SELECT/UPDATE/CREATE command denied to user '%s'@'%s' for table '%s'
3-way-merge A 3 way merge consists in have 3 versions of a file, hopefully with minor differences: one ancestor and two children
4store a database storage and query engine that holds RDF data
aws-cloud9 a cloud-based integrated development environment that lets you to write, run, and debug code from any machine with just a browser
mediacenter null
mdp Spring provides a JMS abstraction framework that simplifies the use of the JMS API and shilds the user from differences between the JMS 1.0.2 and 1.1 APIs
mdd Microchip’s Memory Disk Drive file system interface library brings the ability to transfer and share portable memory devices between and embedded system and a personal computer.
dynamic-keyword null
abaddressbooksource iOS 4+ API that allows one to select a specific ABSource from the ABAddressBook.
durable-subscription null
dust-helpers augments to the core Dust template syntax
git-track local branches that relate to a remote branch.
lua-c++-connection For questions regarding how to call C++ code from within Lua, or calling Lua code from within C++.
concrete-inheritance null
component-space null
inner-product In linear algebra, an inner product space is a vector space with an additional structure called an inner product
clean-url For questions about achieving clean-url's
class-properties A class property, in some object-oriented programming languages, is a particular type of property that applies to a class rather than an instance of the class.
class-factory Anything related to the class-factory design pattern, i.e
clam open source antivirus software for email, command line, web and database
geokettle a spatially-enable version of the Pentaho Data Integration Kettle software
collectionbase null
express-router null
soap1.2 SOAP 1.2 refers to the latest version of the Simple Open Access Protocol - a protocol used in exchanging structured information through web services.
expression-encoder-4 Expression Encoder 4 used for encode high quality videos for devices and the web, Silverlight video experiences with customizable templates, capture your PC’s screen actions for training and demos a…
android-text-color null
android-tabstrip null
android-sugarorm android-Sugar ORM
asp-net-core-spa-services for questions related to ASP.NET Core SPA Services, used by ASP.NET Core JavascriptServices.
tinytest the package testing framework for Meteor
tiptip null
android-layout-editor null
grunt-plugins automatically generated from the npm module database
mobile-robots an automatic machine that is capable of movement in a given environment
sklightnode used to add lighting into a scene in the iOS and OS X SDKs.
nomachine for the remote desktop software developed by the company of the same name.
node-sqlserver The Microsoft Driver for Node.JS for SQL Server is a Node.JS module that allows for the reading and writing of SQL Server data from within Node.JS applications.
oft Questions related to the structure and usage of the Outlook Template file format.
office-fabric null
ol3-google-maps an open-source library designed to let users add Google Maps layers to an OpenLayers 3 map.
omnicppcomplete null
ccmenu CCMenu displays the project status of CruiseControl continuous integration servers as an item in the Mac OS X menu bar
apache-whirr a set of libraries for running cloud services.
apartment-state null
apache-torque a sub project of the Apache Software Foundation Database Project
xsl-stylesheet for questions related to the Extensible Stylesheet Language
echo-server This RFC specifies a standard for the ARPA Internet community
earley-parser A type of parser that can parse all context-free languages, mainly used in computational linguistics.
easytracker a class designed to easy the burden of adding tracking code to your application.
rt.jar rt.jar contains all of the compiled class files for the base Java Runtime environment.
preforking for questions related to Preforking .
hygiene null
hyde a static website generator written in python with the goal of removing the pain points involved in creating and maintaining static websites.
moviecliploader null
moveit null
stackalloc C# operator that allocates a block of memory on the stack
stable-marriage for algorithms which solve the stable marriage problem from graph theory.
fragment-oncreateview null
secure-element null
foswiki an Enterprise Open Source Data Wiki Engine that allows the _end_ users to not only write prose style wiki content, but create applications using the macro language, define data schemas and …
sedna an XML Database with bindings to many programming languages
brat Describes usage of brat, a rapid annotation tool for documents.
boxy null
webradio null
flink-sql Apache Flink features two relational APIs, SQL and Table API, as unified APIs for stream and batch processing.
weboperationcontext The WebOperationContext can be used in WCF services to access properties of web requests and responses.
ruby-block null
numericstepper null
screen-positioning null
grgit a wrapper over JGit that provides a fluent API for interacting with Git repositories in Groovy-based tooling.
flask-sockets a Flask extension which makes it easier for developers to use Web Sockets in their Flask projects.
flex-datagrid Grid component, part of Adobe Flex framework.
flex-builder-3 null
idempiere a Freedom Open Source Software project for Financials ERP with CRM, Manufacturing, Budgeting, POS, and supply chain management relating to Purchasing, Sales, Support and organizational fu…
idbconnection null
kindle-kdk a software development kit for the Kindle eBook Reader sold by Amazon.
magento-dev Tools and tricks for customizing and extending your Magento platform
google-doodle null
universal-hashing to select the hash function at random from a carefully designed class of functions at the beginning of execution
jqpagination null
spring-vault Spring Vault provides familiar Spring abstractions and client-side support for accessing, storing and revoking secrets from HashiCorp Vault.
nscondition null
dbtype null
dbd-pg PostgreSQL database driver module for perl DBI module.
datetime-select null
dbaas used to refer to IaaS database systems specifically written with service delivery in mind.
automerge null
css-to-pdf a JQuery-based solution that will render any HTML page and it's CSS to PDF
sbt-0.13 null
docbook-xsl a set of XSLT stylesheets for transforming DocBook XML documents to various output formats
design-documents null
depot null
derelict3 A collection of dynamic D bindings to C libraries, useful for multimedia and game development.
repoze.who an identification and authentication framework for arbitrary WSGI applications
repmgr a set of open source tools that helps DBAs and System administrators manage a cluster of PostgreSQL databases.
ggiraph an htmlwidget and a ggplot2 extension
git-bundle null
imagesharp A cross-platform library for the processing of image files; written in C#
opensmpp a mature Java library implementing the SMPP protocol, and allowing development of External Short Message Entities and more
gwt-material-design For use when discussing Google web tools material design
list-separator null
anonymous-struct In ISO C11 an anonymous struct is a data member of struct type, whose members are treated as members of the enclosing struct or union
antlr4cs null
twaindotnet a TWAIN image scanner API library for the .net platform
ttcn a generic language for test case specification
wcf-sessions null
wcf-streaming null
web-access null
uisplitviewdelegate actually a UISplitViewControllerDelegate, which defines methods that allow you to manage changes to a split view interface.
jd-gui null
simpsons-rule an arithmetical rule for estimating the area under a curve where the values of an odd number of ordinates, including those at each end, are known.
mongodb-java-3.3.0 useful for mongodb java driver version 3.3.0 for newly added features
escapestring escapestring refers to the generic concept of making strings , i.e making a string portable so it can be transmitted across networks using the ASCII character set
esri-javascript-api null
arrayref null
array-reverse null
zip.js A JavaScript library to zip and unzip files
errbit a tool for collecting and managing errors from other applications
ztree a multi-functional HTML tree plug-in based on jQuery.
deepequals null
nsobjectcontroller a Cocoa bindings-compatible controller class
xmlconvert null
xmemcached a high performance, easy to use multithreaded memcached client in java.
xml3d a XML format for 3D scenegraphs and has a WebGL engine called .
xirsys a specialist hosting provider for WebRTC cloud enabled services and applications.
drupal-form-submission the operation for which the data user input are going to be processed by a form submission handler implemented by a Drupal module.
boost.build null
boost-compute a GPU/parallel-computing library for C++ based on OpenCL with STL-like interface.
mixed-authentication null
mixed-programming Short for Mixed-Language Programming, which is the process of building programs in which the source code is written in two or more languages
onpress null
stringcomparer null
strictfp a keyword in the Java programming language that restricts floating-point calculations to ensure portability
straight-line-detection null
pyo A Python DSP module written in C
rx-netty Reactive Extension Adaptor for Netty
taglet Java programms that implement the taglet Interface used to export custom javadoc tags.
jreddit Java wrapper for Reddit API https://github.com/jReddit/jReddit
rcpp11 an R package shipping a C++11 library facilitating integration between R and C++.
rbokeh the the R-Language binding for the Bokeh visualization library
applocker Windows 7 feature to create rules to allow or deny applications from running
apply-visitor boost::apply_visitor — Allows compile-time checked type-safe application of the given visitor to the content of the given variant, ensuring that all types are handled by the visitor.
google-surveys for programming questions related to the Google Surveys REST API.
google-streetview-publish null
applicationsettingsbase for questions related to the ApplicationSettingsBase Class, of C#.
resque-retry resque-retry provides retry, delay and exponential backoff support for resque jobs.
jmesa a Java library used to create dynamic HTML tables that can be sorted, filtered, paginated, edited and exported as PDF, Excel or CSV
urho3d for questions about the Urho3D game engine.
pdf-reactor a component for web applications converting HTML to PDF.
mariadb-connect-engine A MariaDB storage engine for connecting to other databases / data sources
penetration-tools null
redash a tool to connect to any data source, easily visualize and share data using saved queries etc.
viper-go for questions related to the Go Viper package for reading configuration data from files and other sources.
recursiveiterator null
android-appshortcut null
android-buildconfig null
vifm a console based two-pane file explorer whose key bindings and user interface is similar to the Vim editor.
serviceinsight A software solution that provides cross-service message flows and business processes as well as analyze and test for performance metrics.
sessioncontext The `SessionContext` interface as a part of the `javax.ejb` package provides access to the run-time session context that the EJB container provides for a session bean instance.
logon-failed for questions related to the failure of a logon event,
logical-tree null
atlassian-connect A multi-language framework for writing out-of-process add-ons for Atlassian products such as JIRA, Confluence and HipChat
ngit a semi-automated port of JGit for .NET and mono
intellij-12 a popular IDE by JetBrains
redpitaya an open-source hardware device that designed to replace laboratory measurement instruments.
windows-look-and-feel null
html.renderpartial null
treap null
text-chunking null
http-parameters null
httpi HTTPI provides a common interface for Ruby HTTP libraries.
corosync null
qaxobject a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a QObject that wraps a COM object.
transifex a web-based translation platform.
translation-unit the basic unit of compilation according to standard C++
qftp The QFtp class, part of the Qt framework, provides an implementation of the client side of FTP protocol.
camtasia null
struts2-tiles-plugin Struts2 Tiles Plugin
struts2-s2hibernate Full Hibernate Plugin for Struts2.
iqr IQR stands for in statistics.
vcal null
iodbc an LGPL/BSD dual-licensed open source project that implements the ODBC API on non-Windows platforms.
iommu a memory management unit that connects a direct memory access-capable I/O bus to the main memory.
msmtp an open-source SMTP client
msscci The Team Foundation Server MSSCCI Provider enables integrated use of Team Foundation Version Control with products that do not support Team Explorer integration.
x10 a home automation protocol that primarily works by communicating over the power line.
xamlwriter null
displayname-attribute Question about Display attribute from System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations of .Net Framework.
linemanjs A CLI tool to provide a thin wrapper around client-side tools that enables some sane conventions which allow developers to get first-class web apps up and running quicker
process-group In POSIX-conformant operating systems, a process group denotes a collection of one or more processes
processmodel null
azure-container-instances a cloud service from Microsoft that offers to run containers as a service without managing the underlying infrastructure/servers
ios-calender null
blend-2012 is for Blend for Visual Studio 2012 related issues.
netscape the precursor to the Mozilla corporation
frontpage-extensions null
cocotron an open-source cross-compiler for Objective-C
cocor a compiler generator, which takes an attributed grammar of a source language and generates a scanner and a parser for this language.
cocoapods-1.1.1 null
cocoascript JavaScript for OS X Applications, also known as JXA.
richeditabletext null
fullcalendar-2 Questions about the 2.x branch of FullCalendar
fujitsu null
fsc null
jspeex null
jsr107 null
jsr354 JSR 354: Money and Currency API
ysod null
wordpress-ecommerce a functionality that enables shop facilities on your WordPress website.
wse2.0 version 2.0 of the obsolete Web Services Enhancements product from Microsoft
ws-i null
xcos a graphical editor to design hybrid dynamical systems models
xcode9.3-beta the latest beta release of Xcode Tool
xcode-extension Xcode extension provide a way to extend Xcode functionality for the source editor
yahoo-widgets JavaScript applications that run on Yahoo Connected TV.
xna-math-library A cross platform math library for Windows and Xbox 360
xmlseclibs a library written in PHP for working with XML Encryption and Signatures.
xml-rpc.net open-source .NET library for implementing Services
xml-publisher a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.
xmllite A lightweight XML parser from Microsoft designed for ease of use, performance, and standards compliance
xmlgregoriancalendar Representation for W3C XML Schema 1.0 date/time datatypes.
xmlhttprequest-states null
telerik-window null
lablgtk an OCaml interface to GTK+ 1.2 and 2.x.
kwicks a plugin providing sliding panels with an emphasis on navigational interaction.
backload a professional, full featured file upload controller and handler for ASP.NET MVC 4, MVC 5, Web API and standard ASP.NET Web Forms
backstop.js BackstopJS automates CSS regression testing of your responsive web UI by comparing DOM screenshots at various view port sizes.
entryset null
entityobject null
entity-framework-designer null
creole a common wiki markup language to be used across different wikis.
cron4j a scheduler for the Java platform which is very similar to the UNIX cron daemon.
registerclass null
lazydatamodel null
ios-universal-framework null
iowait the time a CPU is in an idle state, waiting for IO-operations to complete.
apiman an open source API Management platform, coupling a rich API design & configuration layer with a blazingly fast runtime.
ipcopen3 null
angular-directive-link null
nexus6 For questions relating to the Nexus 6 phablet.
ngcomponentrouter null
fcl Framework Class Library
amazonsellercentral null
pygst the python-binding to the Gstreamer multimedia framework.
pyftpdlib Python FTP server library provides a high-level portable interface to easily write very efficient, scalable and asynchronous FTP servers with Python.
pygame-clock for questions about clocks and timing in pygame.
pylintrc null
docsplit a command-line utility and Ruby library that converts documents into PDFs and breaks them apart into images and text.
phpbrew used to build and install multiple version php in your $HOME directory.
phyloseq an R package with functions and tools to handle and analyze high-throughput microbiome census data
phonenumberutils null
pomm a PHP Object Model Manager framework for the Postgresql relational database.
pleasewait null
pvclust an R package for assessing the uncertainty in hierarchical cluster analysis.
pydatalog A pure-python implementation of Datalog, a truly declarative language derived from Prolog.
proximo a Heroku Add-on .
pt A measurement in the print industry
printform null
practical-common-lisp a book about Common Lisp written by Peter Seibel.
powershell-studio Powershell Studio refers to an integrated development environment for Powershell
printthis A printing plug-in for jQuery
private-subnet for questions related to private subnets, i.e
orange-api Orange offers a variety of APIs on developer.orange.com
otree a Python framework for multiplayer decision games, behavioral experiments, and surveys
oracleexception null
oneplusthree null
opendiff For issues relating to the opendiff command line utility of Xcode.
opendap Stands for Home: http://opendap.org/ Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/OPeNDAP
openhardwaremonitor null
opengl-extensions a means for OpenGL implementations to provide new or expanded functionality that the core of OpenGL does not provide
ongr a free and open platform for scaling online business models, built by successful entrepeneurs for successful entrepreneurs
pcdata text node or entity string in XML which is evaluated by the XML processor.
perl5.10 Perl5.10 refers to a version 10 of Perl 5, released in 2007
perfino A commercial APM tool for monitoring JVMs developed by ej-technologies.
patternsyntaxexception an unchecked exception thrown to indicate a syntax error in a regular-expression pattern.
page-fragments null
pagepiling.js jQuery plugin to pile your sections one over another and access them scrolling or by URL.
parking null
overheating null
pact-broker an HTTP service that allows teams to exchange consumer contracts for HTTP services that have been created by the Pact tool.
pageasynctask null
outlook-filter Filtering emails in Outlook: A Outlook filter lets you see only those messages that meet certain criteria
out-of-band used in communcations for data out of the expected communcation range
runtime-type null
sales-tax null
runjettyrun Run Jetty Run, runs web applications with Jetty and Eclipse in one click.
rules-of-thumb null
scalatra-sbt null
route-constraint null
robocup an annual international robotics competition
rndis The Remote Network Driver Interface Specification is a Microsoft proprietary protocol that provides a virtual Ethernet link over PnP buses such as USB, 1394, Bluetooth, and InfiniBand.
schema.rb null
scim2 The SCIM 2.0 specifications designed to make managing user identities in cloud-based applications and services easier.
scitools a Python package containing many useful tools for scientific computing in Python
scrollreveal.js a javascript package used to animate DOM elements as they enter the viewport.
setenvif The mod_setenvif module allows you to set internal environment variables according to whether different aspects of the request match regular expressions you specify
setwd null
reflexil null
regexp-grammars module to add grammatical parsing features to Perl regexes.
realproxy null
rebex Commercial pre-packaged components for .NET/.NET CF/Xamarin.iOS/Xamarin.Android.
redux-router null
reducing null
rewind null
reparsepoint an NTFS file system object containing data that is processed by the file system filter when the associated file or directory is accessed, generally used for references to data stored elsewhere
rendr a small library from Airbnb that allows you to run your Backbone.js apps seamlessly on both the client and the server.
resharper-2016 null
qsa null
quadratic-curve null
radpanelbar a versatile component allowing you to build different navigation systems such as left/right side menus and Outlook style panels.
radtreelist null
rackattack Rack middleware for blocking & throttling
rack-cache null
transferable JavaScript objects that can be transferred from one context to another without copying the underlying data.
triplet null
toll-free-bridging null
tnef Transport Neutral Encapsulation Format or TNEF is a proprietary E-mail attachment format used by Microsoft Outlook and Microsoft Exchange Server.
tidekit a development platform for creating, building and deploying native, hybrid or HTML5 applications for mobile, web, and desktop, written in JavaScript
tibco-topic for the Topic Based Communication model in Tibco EMS based messaging
tightvnc a free remote control software package
tika-server null
timed-events null
timecop a Ruby gem that provides a unified method to mock Time.now, Date.today, and DateTime.now in a single call.
tls1.1 null
uilaunchimagefile null
uikit-transitions null
uipopoverbackgroundview The UIPopoverBackgroundView class provides the background appearance for a popover.
tynamo model-driven, full-stack web framework based on Apache Tapestry 5.
unparseable null
unfiltered a toolkit for servicing HTTP requests in Scala
upi an instant payment system developed by the National Payments Corporation of India , an Reserve Bank of India regulated entity
upickle a lightweight serialization library for Scala and ScalaJS.
upc Unified Parallel C, a parallel extension to ISO C
vlad-deployer a web application deployment tool for Ruby
visudo the command used to edit the sudoers file
vax null
vash a template engine using Razor syntax, for JavaScript templates
vespa Questions related to the open big data serving engine Vespa
virtual-channel Virtual channels allows Remote Desktop Services applications to transfer custom data between the RDP client and the RDP server.
website-payment-pro null
webgl-globe a library for visualizing data on a 3d globe in the browser
waterlock A user authentication/json web token management tool, built for Sails.
will-change a CSS property, which allows an author to inform the user agent ahead of time of what kinds of changes they are likely to make to an element.
winmail.dat The file of “winmail.dat” allows Outlook users to send Transport Neutral Encapsulation Format information along with the email which retains the look and feel of the document with formatting, f…
winelib null
woodstock an abandoned JSF 1.x component library
tclientsocket null
taskaffinity null
tablednd a jQuery plug-in to drag and drop rows in HTML tables.
syscache2 a 2nd level cache provider for NHibernate that can leverage SQL dependency-based expiration
syndication-item null
system-setting null
ternary-tree a tree data structure in which each node has at most three child nodes, usually distinguished as .
subparsers for questions related to a subparser, an entity that supports the creation of sub-commands.
svn-export Questions regarding SVN export operations.
swank-clojure the Clojure server component of SLIME, the Superior Lisp Interaction Mode for Emacs, which is used to connect SLIME to a running Clojure instance.
swampy a suite of Python programs for use with Think Python, Python for Software Design, and The Little Book of Semaphores.
swf-decompiler extract resources, convert SWF to FLA, edit ActionScript, replace images, sounds, texts or fonts.
spree-paypal-express null
special-variables null
sql-server-2014-localdb null
stamplay a development platform that allows to build backend of apps using APIs as Lego blocks
standard-evaluation null
sharpcompress a compression library for .NET/Mono/Silverlight/WP7 that can unrar, un7zip, unzip, untar unbzip2 and ungzip with forward-only reading and file random access APIs.
sheetjs a library for JavaScript to read, edit and export spreadsheets
silent-post a function offered by Authorize.Net that is similar in purpose to Paypal's Instant Payment Notification.
sitemap-generator-gem null
sitecore-social-connected a Sitecore CMS module used to simplify the interaction of social networks like Facebook or Twitter with Sitecore CMS.
siteedit the product name for inline editing in the Tridion R5.3 through SDL Tridion 2011 web content management systems.
softhsm software that emulates a PKCS11 Hardware Security Module for development and testing.
socketpair null
software-protection null
smartsheet-c#-sdk-v2 null
smart-http A Git transfer protocol layered over HTTP that is more efficient than the plain HTTP transport.
simplemde a JavaScript based visual Markdown editor that makes it easy for anyone to write Markdown, no matter their level of tech-savviness
simhash Algorithm to detect similarities between hashes.
shell-trap null
sharpen-tool Eclipse plug-in for conversion of Java source code to C#.
sharp-repository a generic repository written in C# which includes support for various relational, document and object databases including Entity Framework, EntityFramework6, RavenDB, MongoDB and Db…
shippable-ci a hosted continuous integration and continuous deployment product.
shopify-activemerchant a simple payment abstraction library extracted from Shopify
stanford-parser Probabilistic, natural language parser.
stack-machine intended for questions related to using a stack data structure for the storage of both temporary values during calculations as well as stack frames during transfer of control to subro…
spec# a formal language for API contracts , which extends C# with constructs for non-null types, preconditions, postconditions, and object invariants.
spark-launcher null
space-leak null
swiftbond null
swift-custom-framework null
subdirs null
string-externalization null
terminal-server A terminal server enables organizations to connect devices with an RS-232, RS-422 or RS-485 serial interface to a local ar…
terminal-color null
text-to-column null
textpattern an open source content management system written in PHP and uses MySQL as a database backend.
system-services null
tcm a command-line utility that helps you create and run automated test cases created with Microsoft Test Manager
tcp-port null
tcheckbox a VCL control showing a box that can be checked or unchecked
winpdb a GUI cross-platform Python debugger.
wind-river-workbench a complete suite of developer tools for software running on Wind River platforms
window-tester a toolkit for automating GUI testing of Java applications
window.parent a reference to the parent window of the window that this script is executed in.
wincache null
water-jug-problem a classical AI problem involving various search techniques.
wayfinder Menu formatting Snippet for ModX Revolution and Evolution
webchartcontrol null
website-deployment null
web-widget a software widget for the web
websockify a WebSocket to TCP proxy/bridge
viewdeck a a library that works as support for iOS apps, providing new features and enchanted view controllers.
viewcontext null
videoquality null
vmalloc null
virtual-file null
watchapp null
unroll null
unified-service-desk Unified Service Desk for Microsoft Dynamics CRM provides a configurable framework for quickly building applications for call centers so that agents can get a unified view of the customer data stored i…
unified-diff null
two-legged null
tla+ a language and toolchain for specifications based on TLA, the Temporal Logic of Actions
tikzdevice null
tnsping a utility in the ORACLE HOME/bin directory used to test if a SQL*Net connect string can connect to a remote listener .
tone-analyzer The IBM Watson Tone Analyzer API uses linguistic analysis to detect and interpret emotional, social, and writing cues found in text
tomtom null
quaggajs a barcode-scanner written in JavaScript supporting real-time localization and decoding of various types of barcodes.
rabbitmqadmin The management plugin ships with a command line tool rabbitmqadmin.
r3-gui null
qjsengine Provides an environment for evaluating JavaScript code
qore an interpreted, high-level, general-purpose, garbage collected dynamic programming language, featuring support for code embedding and sandboxing with optional strong typing and a focus on fund…
qresource The QResource class provides an interface for reading directly from resources.
qpalette The QPalette class contains color groups for each widget state.
requirements-management the process of documenting, analyzing, tracing, prioritizing and agreeing on requirements and then controlling change and communicating to relevant stakeholders.
responders null
resharper-7.0 a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008, 2010, and 2012
rex a server orchestration tool.
reverse-debugging null
sfhfkeychainutils null
sharepoint-webservice Work remotely with a deployment of Windows SharePoint Services
service-fabric-on-premises null
servicedcomponent null
scripting.dictionary null
scnmaterial null
selectmanylistbox JSF tag to create a multi-select listbox.
selectboxit A jQuery plugin that enhances an HTML Select Box.
sejda a set of tools built to easily perform tasks on existing PDF documents
sdcalertview Please go to https://github.com/sberrevoets/SDCAlertView for its usage guide
sdo a technology that allows heterogeneous data to be accessed in a uniform way.
rowwise null
roxy a cross-platform, multiple-environment utility for configuring and deploying MarkLogic applications
sas-jmp a tool from SAS Institute
scalr Cloud management platform that enables cost-effective, automated and standardized applications deployments on cloud environments.
runc For questions relating to the runC command-line tool.
run-sequence For the run-sequence node library that assists with gulp.
saleslogix an enterprise CRM package
runtime-packages null
sails-skipper null
outlook-for-mac null
ouya an open game console platform based on Android.
parentid The ID of a parent, which in an oriented tree, he is the previous node before the node of interest.
pagertitlestrip a non-interactive indicator of the current, next, and previous pages of a ViewPager.
parse-recdescent null
perception In SO, Perception means what an user believes by observing something.
online-radio null
opengl-es-3.1 a subset of the OpenGL 3D graphics API designed for embedded devices such as mobile phones and tablets
opendolphin a slim open-source library that implements the highest degree of model-view-controller separation.
oneplustwo null
octicons Font based icons supported by Github
october-form-controller a controller modifier used for easily adding form functionality to a back-end page.
object-design null
ochamcrest Hamcrest for Objective-C: Powerful, combinable, extensible matchers for verification
octest null
ordbms Object-Relational Database Management Systems are similar to a relational database, but with an object-oriented database model: objects, classes and inheritance are directly supported in data…
private-class null
program-structure null
private-functions null
project-types null
project-layout null
project-navigator null
pp-perl-par-packager null
promoted-builds A plugin for Jenkins to distinguish between good and bad builds.
pry-rails null
py-appscript null
pyclips For issues relating to the PyCLIPS Python language extension module.
plt-redex a domain-specific language designed for specifying and debugging operational semantics
plotgooglemaps null
pomelo POMELO Fast, scalable, distributed game server framework for node.js
png-8 a subset of possible png files
position-independent-code null
positional-operator null
pykinect a Python module for interacting with the Kinect SDK.
pygsheets null
large-file-support null
oeis The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences is an online database of integer sequences.
fdopen null
fbsdksharedialog null
nhibernate-search null
nhlambdaextensions A project that provides extension methods for the NHibernate ICriteria interface to allow use of typesafe lambda expressions.
nhibernate-4 null
nexus-player null
vue-apollo null
launchdagent null
database-create null
lcg null
relaxng-compact a non-XML format inspired by extended Backus-Naur form and regular expressions, designed so that it can be unambiguously translated to its XML counterpart, and back again, w…
cross-context null
cross-build a piece of software which was created to run on a cross environment such as operation system, browsers, mobile devices, etc.
remap-istanbul A tool for remapping Istanbul coverage via Source Maps
backbone.paginator a pagination component for Backbone.js.
stayontop anything related to programming a function that a user would like to be non-scrollable and stay put on top of website, app, program etcetera
teamcity-5.0 Major release of TeamCity adding additional features and enhancements to TeamCity 4.0
cloudkit-environments CloudKit provides separate development and production environments for your record types and data
background-sync null
clj-http an idiomatic Clojure HTTP client wrapping the Apache client
cloudant-sdp Cloudant schema discovery process scans a Cloudant database and intuits the implicit structures in your data
kxml For issues relating to the kXML parser.
language-history null
tembeddedwb null
telligent an enterprise collaboration and community software company based in Dallas Texas
xetex a TeX typesetting engine
xdp an XML 1.0 compliant format for packaging PDF content within an XML structure.
yad a program which allows you to display GTK+ dialog boxes from the command-line or shell scripts
writer-monad null
workflow-rehosting Provides a mechanism to the end users to author workflows
yui-grids YUI CSS Grids provides a simple system for laying out content.
yii-migrations covers database migrations for Yii, a modern PHP framework that supports
header-row null
jsr299 Contexts and Dependency Injection for the Java EE platform
zuora a subscription management platform
zendesk-app null
fs-extra null
cocostudio null
propertychangesupport null
django-polymorphic An app to help with Django model inheritance
django-floppyforms an application designed to provide the user with full control of form rendering.
django-geoposition Django model field that can hold a geoposition, and corresponding widget
blindness Anything related to issues concerning blind or visually-impaired people
azure-database-mysql MySQL as-a-service in MS Azure
reactify null
react-i18next null
comp-3 A convention for storing numerals, one per half-byte, with the final half-byte being an indicator of the sign
linea-pro a hardware peripheral product used for scanning barcodes and reading credit card mag stripes for iOS devices.
limit-per-group Query X rows with the greatest/least value per group, i.e
dispatch-table a table of pointers to functions or methods
discountasp null
distributed-apps null
verifiable-c a program logic for the C programming language, used in the Verified Software Toolchain system.
datagridviewlinkcolumn a DataGridViewColumn implementation for Button cells
qt-mfc-migration null
ipxe an open-source implementation of PXE
cameraoverlayview The custom view to display on top of the default image picker interface.
qfileinfo In the QT platform, the QFileInfo class provides system-independent file information.
qdomdocument In Qt, the QDomDocument class represents an XML document.
qchar The QChar class, part of the Qt framework, provides a 16-bit Unicode character.
correspondence-analysis null
pywhois A Python module written by Richard Penman to perform whois lookup.
http-pipelining a technique in which multiple HTTP requests are sent on a single TCP connection without waiting for the corresponding responses.
rails-authorization null
rails-spring a Rails application preloader
text-compression null
tetrahedra null
testkit null
testdrivendesign null
testcontainers a Java library that supports tests, providing lightweight, throwaway instances of common databases, Selenium web browsers, or anything else that can run in a Docker container…
transplant null
html-to-text null
fastlane-snapshot null
fat16 the name of a computer file system architecture and a family of industry standard file systems utilizing it.
houndify a platform to allow anyone to add smart, voice enabled, conversational interfaces to anything with an internet connection
intel-composer null
intellij-scala Questions related to the Scala plugin in IntelliJ IDEA.
interaction-design to design the bond between and interface and the user
fbrequest-form null
integer-partition In number theory and combinatorics, a partition of a positive integer n, also called an integer partition, is a way of writing n as a sum of positive integers
ngx-leaflet Leaflet components for Angular.io published to npm under @asymmetrik/ngx-leaflet
firefox2 Version 2.0 of the Mozilla Firefox browser, which was released on 24 October 2006
fiscal null
iphelper null
iplanet iPlanet was a product brand that was used jointly by Sun Microsystems and Netscape Communications Corporation when delivering software and services as part of a non-exclusive cross marketing deal that…
ip-protocol null
session-per-request null
lockout null
lockscreenwidget null
service-not-available null
pandas-apply Applies Python functions to rows or columns of a pandas dataframe, which may or may not result in aggregation.
parameterized-tests null
viewdraghelper a utility class for writing custom ViewGroups.
redhat-containers For development issues while creating applications in containers for Red Hat platforms.
margin-left null
maquette a minimalistic Virtual DOM JavaScript library with support for animated transitions
mapped-types null
send-port null
sendy a self hosted email newsletter application that lets you send trackable emails via Amazon Simple Email Service
typelibrary null
type-projection In the Scala language, a type projection `T#x` references the type member named `x` of type `T`.
typescript2.3 null
upsizing a feature of Microsoft Access for upgrading an Access database to a SQL Server database while still retaining accessibility through Microsoft Access.
usability-testing A quality step in software development where users are recruited who match key characteristics of target users and are asked to complete tasks using the software
good-dynamics an MDM platform and TLS / sandbox security implementation for mobile devices running iOS or Android
fmj an open-source project with the goal of providing an alternative to Java Media Framework , while remaining API-compatible with JMF
focus-engine null
maven-glassfish-plugin a Maven plugin allowing management of Glassfish domains and component deployments from within the Maven build lifecycle.
maven-invoker-plugin Maven Invoker Plugin
maven-extension a list of artifacts that are to be used in this build
font-awesome-3.2 null
osxfuse a successor to MacFUSE, which has been used as a software building block by dozens of products
pftableviewcell null
pgraphics null
organizational-chart null
application-singleton null
actionmailer.net null
action-caching null
rc2-cipher a symmetric-key block cipher with 64-bit wide block and variable key sizes
pypiserver null
pyrax null
write-host null
wowjs a JS library to reveal CSS animation as you scroll down a page.
worklight-mbs The Mobile Browser Simulator, part of Worklight Console, is a web application that helps you test mobile web applications without having to install device vendor native SDK.
working-remotely null
react-helmet a module for managing the DOM document head within React.
rdiff-backup Incremental backup tool using rsync algorithm and reverse-chronological increments.
react-component null
strconv null
strict-weak-ordering null
stream-management Stream Management allows XMP entities to actively manage a stream, including stanza acknowledgements and stream resumption.
onready null
openargs null
x-http-method-override HTTP method override by adding HTTP Header to POST requests
xlw an open source application that wraps the Excel C API in simple C++, C# or VB.NET interfaces which you can use to customize Excel with your own worksheet functions and menu items.
default-namespace XML namespace declared with no prefix, for example, `xmlns=`.
pyrserve A Python client to remotely access the R statistic package via network
zope.component The zope.component package implements the core functionality of the Zope Component Architecture .
arrayofarrays null
syck null
monadfix null
objectspace null
objectlistview-python a wrapper around wxPython's wx.ListCtrl that makes the list control easier to use
single-user An environment paradigm that doesn't involve multiple user identities.
jcryption a jQuery plugin library utilizing RSA and AES.
tsr A TSR program uses system call in DOS like operating system to return control to the OS but stay resident in memory and react to hardware or software interrupts.
the-amazing-audio-engine Framework for iOS audio applications
open-search-server null
opensymphony OpenSymphony was an Open Source computer software project dedicated to providing enterprise class Java EE components
file-diffs null
hallo-js Simple rich text editor for jQuery UI
hadoop-lzo a project to bring splittable LZO compression to Hadoop.
mirah a statically typed programming language with ruby-like syntax
gitbox an easy-to-use Git GUI for Mac OS X.
repopulation null
reportdocument null
reportico an open-source web-based reporting/BI tool developed in PHP.
getstate null
docco a documentation generator for CoffeeScript that takes comments in the CoffeeScript source and generates Markdown-based documentation that is shown alongside the comment-free source.
docker-in-docker null
scala-native null
facebook-node-sdk null
facesservlet a servlet that manages the request processing lifecycle for web applications that are utilizing JavaServer Faces to construct the user interface.
auto-lock null
dbms-metadata An Oracle package that enables the retrieval of an objects metadata.
nscompoundpredicate a subclass of `NSPredicate` used to represent logical “gate” operations and comparison operations.
systemmanagement null
nsanimation Objects of the NSAnimation class manage the timing and progress of animations in the user interface
novnc a HTML5 VNC client
jquery-1.10 for version specific questions
google-foobar null
google-language-api a tool that automatically translates text from one language to another language
google-loader null
kingsoft the flexible and powerful worksheet software for making and editing spreadsheet.
kicad a cross platform and open source electronics design automation suite.
uiactivitytypeairdrop The object makes the provided content available via AirDrop
flex-charts null
graphiti-js a Javascript library, based on Raphael and companion of Draw2D, for SVG rendering of vector based shapes and diagrams on the client side.
scout-sass a cross-platform app that runs Sass and Compass in a self-contained Ruby environment
scopus the largest abstract and citation database of peer-reviewed literature: scientific journals, books and conference proceedings.
scopeguard null
scoped-lock null
flickrj a Java API which wraps the REST-based Flickr API.
bridging null
seektotime null
secondary-sort null
fourier-descriptors a way of encoding the shape of a two-dimensional object by taking the Fourier transform of the boundary, where every point on the boundary is mapped to a complex number.
foxit-reader a free PDF reader from Foxit Software.
ad-hoc-network null
stack-based null
hypercube null
i18n-node null
xpdo our name for open extensions to PDO
apache-vysper XMPP Server written in Java.
const-pointer null
cddvd null
cbc-mac a chaining mode to compute a signature using a secret key with a cblock cipher.
ojalgo Open Source Java code to do mathematics, linear algebra and optimisation
nonclient null
nolio Nolio Application Service Automation Platform is a DevOps tool for automating application release deployment, maintenance, remediation and recovery across data centers.
playbin2 null
mobilefirst-console null
tinyalsa a small library to interface with ALSA in the Linux kernel.
aspen Aspen InfoPlus.21, Aspen SQLplus,Desktop-ODBC, an Excel-Add-In and others, if requested.
aspnet-merge null
android-scrollable-tabs null
phpstorm-2016.3 null
php-opencloud Library for developers using PHP to work with OpenStack Rackspace Cloud Files Container Using The Open Cloud API.
android-studio-plugin null
coldspring a web framework for the ColdFusion application programming language, based on the Java Spring Framework, providing dependency injection, inversion of control and aspect oriented programm…
extension-modules null
color-channel a conventional term used to refer to a certain component of an image
geolite2 null
geoalchemy GeoAlchemy provides extensions to SQLAlchemy to work with spatial databases.
computed-values null
concept-insights The IBM Watson Concept Insights service allows you to discover content which may or may not be found using a traditional keyword search
lrs Learning Record Store
lts null
git-untracked files that are not in the git index.
lumenworks null
dynamic-invoke null
visualgdb null
mdm-zinc a cross-platform Rapid Application Development platform for building rich Internet applications using Adobe Flash, Adobe Flex, and C++, that can be deployed as a standalone desktop applica…
librarian a framework for writing bundlers, which are tools that resolve, fetch, install, and isolate a project's dependencies, in Ruby.
librarian-puppet null
glassfish-4.1.1 a Java EE application server
mediarouter null
continued-fractions an alternative representation of numbers that has interesting properties for on-demand arbitrary precision while avoiding intermediary rounding errors.
sortdirection a generic term used in various technologies to specify the sorting direction of the items in a list, grid, etc.
short-open-tags Tells PHP whether the short form of PHP's open tag should be allowed.
dotmemory a memory profiler created by JetBrains for .NET applications
mysql-error-2006 MySQL Error 2006: MySQL server has gone away
ncqrs an open source CQRS framework built on .NET.
ncr Numeric Character Reference
indextank null
winsnmp null
winstone a LGPL-licensed Java servlet container
winsql Database administration tool for Windows OS family.
wnet null
flamegraph a visualization of profiled software, allowing the most frequent code-paths to be identified quickly and accurately — Brendan Gregg
fittextjs a jQuery plugin for scaling up text sizes.
fastagi null
far a program for managing files and archives in Windows operating systems
fastcgi++ an alternative to the C++ official FastCGI developers kit.
f#-async null
function-constructor Use function-constructor to identify questions involving the need to evaluate strings in any ECMAScript dialect while avoiding security risks associated with `eval`, such as script injection
fusionreactor a professional server monitor for Java application servers such as Tomcat, JBoss and WebSphere and is recommended for monitoring Adobe ColdFusion.
freewalljs a cross-browser and responsive jQuery plugin to help you create many types of grid layouts: flexible layouts, images layouts, nested grid layouts, metro style layouts, pinterest like layou…
gd-graph null
gdbinit null
gelly the graph processing library for the Apache Flink distributed streaming engine.
fxcop-customrules null
formatjs a modular collection of JavaScript libraries for internationalization that are focused on formatting numbers, dates, and strings for displaying to people.
formio null
form-design null
flowpane null
fluent-ribbon An Open Standard for developing custom Ribbons for client applications.
dsoframer null
dynamics-crm-3 a multi-lingual Customer Relationship Management software package developed by Microsoft
dynamic-routing null
duplicate-detection null
evaluation-strategy null
evernote-app-notebook Related to the Evernote notebook app : https://evernote.com/intl/fr/
exponential-backoff null
expect.js a library of Javascript which is minimalistic BDD assertion toolkit based on should.js .
emacs-ediff a feature of Emacs which allows comparing two or more files or buffers, as well as merging two files or buffers into one.
environ a Clojure library for accessing environment variables
google-music a music streaming service and online music locker operated by Google.
google-optimize must be used when the OP is related to Google Optimize or Google Optimize 360.
groovy++ statically typed extension of Groovy programming language.
groupname null
grunt-contrib-htmlmin A grunt plugin to minify HTML
gulp-filter a gulp plugin for filtering files in a vinyl stream.
gulp-uncss a gulp plugin that can remove unused CSS selectors.
gulp-task null
gwt-2.8 a development toolkit for building and optimizing complex browser-based applications
generate Any question related to the Generate developer framework and CLI tool should tagged using the `generate` tag
generate-scripts null
git-grep null
github-archive a project to record the public GitHub timeline, archive it, and make it easily accessible for further analysis.
initialization-order null
instancestate null
ical-dotnet an iCalendar class library for .NET, formerly known as dday.ical and originally developed by Douglas Day.
ibook-author The iBook Authoring tool - allows users to generate apple specific authoring language which is a derivative of ePub 3 standard.
ihtmldocument null
iiviewdeckcontroller null
ijson an iterative JSON parser with a standard Python iterator interface.
hive-metastore null
hfs a proprietary file system developed by Apple Inc
hit-highlighting null
home-screen-widget null
homoiconicity Homoiconicity means that a language uses the same syntax for data structures as it does for statements and declarations
hoplon An open source ClojureScript framework
http-status-code-100 The HTTP response status code 100 Continue
mytoolkit a set of .NET libraries containing lots of useful classes for various .NET platforms like WinRT , Windows Phone and WPF
mysql-pconnect The `mysql_pconnect` function opens a persistent connection to a MySQL server.
mysqlpp a C++ wrapper for MySQL’s C API.
mysql-odbc-connector a standardized database driver for Windows, Linux, Mac OS X, and Unix platforms.
nailgun a client, protocol, and server for running Java programs from the command line without incurring the JVM startup overhead.
mutating-function null
named-scopes null
needle.js Nimble, streamable HTTP client for Node.js
negroni an idiomatic approach to web middleware in Go
ninject-3 null
nvme null
o365rwsclient null
o3d An open-source JavaScript API created by Google for creating rich, interactive 3D applications in the browser.
nsxmlparsererrordomain null
notifyjs Notify.js us a jQuery plugin for providing simple, customisable notifications.
nmssh an Objective-C wrapper for libssh2.
nodebox an application that lets you create 2D visuals using Python programming code.
moonscript a dynamic scripting language that compiles into Lua
mpic++ a compiler wrapper for compiling C++ programs that use the Message Passing Interface library.
mongrel2 an application, language, and network architecture agnostic web server that focuses on web applications using modern browser technologies.
msbuild-15 Microsoft Build Engine, also known as MSBuild, is a build platform for managed code and was part of .NET Framework
msdasql null
mimosa a build tool for JavaScript
mkmf null
mmppf Microsoft Media Platform Player Framework , see http://smf.codeplex.com/
maxscale null
maml an XML markup language used to write Windows help files.
memory-table null
jsnlog A .NET + JavaScript library that gives client-side JS the ability to log errors, warnings, etc
jscodeshift a toolkit created by Facebook for running codemods over multiple JS files
jsbn a fast, portable implementation of large-number math in pure JavaScript, enabling public-key crypto and other applications on desktop and mobile browsers.
jsartoolkit null
jukito a library that combines Junit, Guice, and Mockito into a single tool to make injecting mocks into unit tests easier.
jsonidentityinfo null
jpa-annotations A type of JPA mapping configuration for applications
jpacontainer Vaadin JPAContainer offers a highly flexible API that makes things easy in simple cases while allowing extensive flexibility in demanding cases.
jparsec a parser combinator implementation for Java modeled after Haskell Parsec
jquery-mobile-dialog null
ionic-zip null
ionic2-providers null
isreadonly null
issuu a free electronic publishing platform for magazines, catalogs, newspapers and more
isoneway null
jaxl an asynchronous, non-blocking I/O, event based PHP library for writing custom TCP/IP client and server implementations.
jahia a WCM with a user interface built using Google Web Toolkit and stores its content using the JCR API default implementation Apache Jackrabbit.
macwire Lightweight and Nonintrusive Scala Dependency Injection Library
localityofreference null
linqtocsv LINQtoCSV - popular, easy to use library to read and write CSV files.
jxmaps Mapping component for Swing/FX Java Desktop application
keyczar Toolkit for safe and simple cryptography in Java, Python, C++, C# and Go
keypreview null
lemur The Lemur Project develops search technologies with the collaboration of several academic institutions
leaky-abstraction an implemented abstraction where details and limitations of the implementation leak through.
chuck a strongly timed music programming language with deterministic multithreading.
clientscriptmanager null
client-applications for questions related to client applications, that usually integrate with the processing capabilities of other applications.
cefsharp.offscreen null
cequel a Ruby ORM for Cassandra using CQL3.
chrome-remote-debugging null
wikimapia null
wid IBM Integration Designer is an Eclipse-based software development tool that renders your current IT assets into service components for reuse in se…
embedded-osgi null
balana Open source XACML 3.0 implementation
biztalk-services an Azure service with supporting tools that allow developers to build solutions to connect services and systems with disparate data formats and protocols
boltdb a pure Go key/value store inspired by Howard Chu's and the LMDB project
bmc null
californium null
cakephp-debug-kit Provides a debugging toolbar and enhanced debugging tools for CakePHP applications.
bootstrap-timepicker null
browserify-rails Browserify-rails library adds CommonJS module support to Sprockets.
buzz a lightweight php framework for HTTP requests
dcu In the Delphi domain, `DCU` stands for Delphi Compiled Unit
decimal-format null
demoscene comprised of programmers, artists, and musicians who produce audio/visual presentations that are computed in real time on a computer, often with limited hardware capabilities or extre…
database-scripts null
datatextfield null
data-formatters null
django-rest-swagger null
documentsdirectory null
dojo-1.9 null
devpartner DevPartner Studio, a suite of extensions to Microsoft Visual Studio for error checking, performance analysis, coverage analysis and static code review.
devise-recoverable null
curvesmoothing null
cycle-detection null
csplitterwnd null
cpio a general file archiver utility and its associated file format.
core-file an image of a process that has crashed
cooliris null
contextify null
combining-marks characters that are intended to modify other characters
componentmodel null
confirm-dialog null
accountpicker Common account picker similar to the standard framework account picker introduced in ICS.
.net-attributes attributes` describes anything related to using or creating attributes in .net source code
shared-addin shared between multiple office applications.
activitylog null
andar an open source library to assist with Augmented Reality on the Android platform.
android-components null
amazon-systems-manager AWS Systems Manager is a unified interface that allows you to easily centralize operational data and automate tasks across your AWS resources
all-in-one-event-calendar A calendar system with month, week, day, agenda and posterboard views; upcoming events widget, color-coded categories, recurrence, and import/export of .ics feeds
alibaba-cloud Alibaba Cloud , a subsidiary of Alibaba Group, is a global cloud computing company
alice an innovative 3D programming environment that makes it easy to create an animation for telling a story, playing an interactive game, or a video to share on the web.
asciidoctor-pdf null
arcball a way of making a 3d object interactive, by mapping 2d input coordinates into a 3d vector.
archive-tar null
aurelia-auth a token-based authentication plugin for Aurelia
apple-documentation refer to apple documentation, it's helpful to add it to the questions related with iOS development or any Frameworks/Service/API of Apple platforms documentation.
apple-vision Apple's image analysis and computer vision SDK to identify faces, detect features, and classify scenes in images and video.
android-flexboxlayout null
androidpdfviewer null
angular-mdl a component library for angular 4 apps based on material design lite .
quickdraw the 2D graphics library and associated Application Programming Interface which is a core part of the classic Apple Macintosh operating system.
custom-overlay null
aggregators null
altair a declarative statistical visualization library for Python, based on Vega-Lite.
rockmongo a MongoDB administration tool, written in PHP 5.
gae-userservice Google AppEngine service which provides information useful for forcing a user to log in or out, and retrieving information about the user who is currently logged-in.
utf-7 Obsolete 7-bit Unicode character encoding
dictionary-attack a one in which the attacker guesses a subset of the allowed input values based on assumptions about likely keys .
dhis-2 the flexible, web-based open-source information system with visualization features including GIS, charts and pivot tables.
supersocket.net a light weight, cross platform and extensible socket server application framework
passthrough-elements a JSF 2.2 specific term for declaring JSF components as HTML5 elements which should be automatically converted to real JSF components during view build time, when an …
password-prompt When an application halts and asks for a password from a user.
password-less null
mercury-mta Mercury Mail Transport System is a standards-compliant mail server developed by David Harris, who also develops the Pegasus Mail client.
passlib null
pascalcasing a language-independent naming convention in which each word of an identifier name begins with a capital letter, such as CustomerName, CustomerId, etc.
cgrectintersectsrect CGRectIntersectsRect returns whether two rectangles intersect.It is available in iOS 2.0 and later
chai-enzyme null
ora-00054 ORA-00054: resource busy and acquire with NOWAIT specified
cflogin For issues relating to the cflogin container of ColdFusion.
eeglab an interactive Matlab toolbox for processing continuous and event-related EEG, MEG and other electrophysiological data incorporating independent component analysis , time/frequency anal…
kdc part of a cryptosystem intended to reduce the risks inherent in exchanging keys
kdoc a documentation generation system which reads specially formatted comments in Kotlin source code and generates compiled documentation
eid eID refers to an Electronic Identity Card, an identity card for online and offline identification towards authorities
micrium a priority-based pre-emptive real-time multitasking operating system kernel for microprocessors.
build-pipeline null
buildforge null
cfselect null
cfpreferences a C API in Apple's CoreFoundation framework for storing and retrieving user preferences.
cfstoredproc null
cfwebsocket Lets you create the WebSocket object in your CFM template.
optparse-applicative The `optparse-applicative` package contains utilities and combinators to define command line option parsers.
cgpathref null
oracle11gr1 the first release of the Oracle 11g database.
passport-azure-ad null
passwordvault a program that stores encrypted passwords that can be accessed using a master password
mercurial-commit null
superpixels polygonal parts of a digital image resulting of a process of its partitioning into multiple segments.
dialogviewcontroller a MonoTouch.Dialog ViewController for iPhone/iPad applications.
didfailwitherror null
digestive-functors a composable form library written in Haskell to aid in building and validating HTML forms
utest a lightweight testing library for Scala.
cfindex cfindex populates a search engine collection with metadata and creates indexes for searching in ColdFusion
valdr an add-on to AngularJS which greatly simplifies validation thanks to its model centric approach.
vaapi The cross-platform VA API enables and provides access to hardware-accelerated video processing, using hardware graphics processing units to accelerate video processing.
gboard a enhanced softkeyboard from Google Inc
rooms null
alt-attribute null
alternateview null
custom-operator null
qx null
angular-redux null
android-tools-namespace The `tools` namespace allows for showing custom `View` properties inside Android Studio view designer.
android-monitor null
apple-expose null
app-engine-modules a feature that lets developers factor large applications into logical components that can share stateful services and communicate in a secure fashion.
apache-commons-scxml null
auth0-delegated-admin null
auth-guard null
asyncresttemplate Spring's central class for asynchronous client-side HTTP access.
asynctoken null
avplayerview null
arcgis-android-api null
aster null
asp.net-mvc-migration Questions related to migrating ASP.Net Winforms to ASP.Net MVC as well as upgrading code from older MVC versions to the current one.
android-3.1 API level 12 of the mobile operating system developed by Google
android-drm DRM framework for Android platform.
adts for questions about playback of, creation of, and programmatic interaction with, Audio Data Transport Stream files.
akka-io a toolkit and runtime for building highly concurrent, distributed, and resilient message-driven applications on the JVM.
shared-state null
postmates Integrate a world-class local delivery platform into your app using the Postmates API.
post-processor null
.net-4.0-beta-2 Version 4.0 Beta 2 of the .NET Framework, it accompanied the release of Visual Studio 2010 Beta 2.
acitree a customizable treeview control written as a jQuery plugin
configurationproperty null
conkeror a web browser based on Firefox's XULRunner which contains mappings for Emacs keybindings
comautomationfactory null
columnmappings null
ember.select View class to render a select HTML element, allowing the user to choose from a list of options.
ember-cli-rails an integration story between EmberCLI and Rails 3.1 and up
executable-path null
code-layout null
contextio an API company that which allows you to easily integrate email into your application
covariogram null
csqldataprovider CSqlDataProvider class for Yii, that allows you to create data providers from custom SQL queries
craueformflow The CraueFormFlowBundle provides a facility for building and handling multi-step forms in your Symfony project.
d3pie.js used for questions pertaining to the use of d3pie, : https://github.com/benkeen/d3pie
cyrus electronic mail server software developed by Carnegie Mellon University
curvycorners A Javascript tool providing border-radius support for older browsers.
curl-commandline all about the commandline parameters those use to pass to the curl executable from the console.
devise-token-auth null
device-management null
disable-caching null
django-custom-field django-custom-field refers to an ability to create custom model fields in Django
djangocms-text-ckeditor null
dogecoin an opensource peer-to-peer cryptocurrency.
doxia null
django-sekizai a plugin for Django which provides support for dynamic adding of content into the template block tags.
django-socketio a package that allows for Websocket integration with Django using gevent and Socket.IO.
datasourcecontrol null
datatip null
data-stores null
dart-sdk The Dart SDK has the libraries and command-line tools that you need to develop Dart applications.
data-containers null
dangerous-request null
dart-analyzer null
dailybuilds null
delayed-paperclip null
dead-reckoning the process of estimating a numeric value based on previous measurements by using a prediction on the next value that will be yield.
ddlutils an apache utility which generates database schemas for multiple databases using a common XML format.
bwplot a function used to create a box and whisker plot in the `lattice` graphics package for `r`.
bsp-tree the tree data structures that contain recursively subdivided spaces; they are used mostly for processing 3D graphics, but also have some more obscure uses suc…
callable-object an object which also can act as a function
bzip Anything related to bzip file compressor
bootjack a porting of Twitter Bootstrap 3.0 in Dart.
bitstuffing In data transmission and telecommunication, bit stuffing
bittorrent-sync BitTorrent Sync proprietary peer-to-peer file synchronization tool.
bitmapfield null
bitbucket-cloud null
bigchaindb Questions dealing with BigchainDB .
bigfloat null
email-analytics null
email-processing null
wijgrid a datagrid that allows users to interactively select, edit, sort, scroll through, filter, and group data
cakefile a simple build tool written in Coffeescript
cocoalumberjack-swift null
pnunit null
pointer-conversion a term mostly related to the C and C++ languages, for when a pointer to one type is converted to a pointer of another type.
c1001 an internal error in the Visual C++ compiler.
polipo a lightweight proxy server capable of forwarding and caching.
cfadmin null
cdi-unit a JUnit 4 test runner that enables unit testing Java CDI applications.
clientwebsocket null
cloveretl Java based data integration framework; can be used to transform/map/manipulate data in various formats ; can be used standalone or embedded
clusterpoint a document-oriented XML database system which is available as a cloud service or for free download
cjuidialog Dialog widget from Yii PHP framework.
leaflet-routing-machine null
kraken.com Kraken Bitcoin exchange platform
knockout-binding-handlers null
kermit a data transfer protocol, commonly used in the early days of the internet.
linktable null
link-to-function a Rails 3 helper that allows to create a link whose onclick handler triggers the passed JavaScript
lightadmin Pluggable CRUD administration UI library for Java web applications powered by Spring Boot
locbaml null
local-security-authority a security subsystem of Microsoft Windows used to authenticate users on the local system and maintains the security policy of the system.
magento-1.12 the e-commerce system that is used and adopted widely
machine-learning-model null
jalali-calendar a sidereal calendar & is the official calendar system in Iran and Afghanistan.
jabberd2 the next generation of the jabberd XMPP server project.
jasmine-ajax null
isomorphic-style-loader An alternative CSS style loader, which works similarly to style-loader, but is optimized for isomorphic apps.
iso-8859-15 A single byte character set in the ISO/IEC 8859 series of ASCII standard character encodings, including the Euro currency symbol and a few other replacements.
ion-toggle null
internal-class null
interruptions null
intersection-observer null
jqueryi-ui-buttonset null
journey null
jfuzzylogic null
jfreereport now Pentaho Classic Reporting Engine, an embeddable Java reporting library.
jsoniq a query and processing language specifically designed for the popular JSON data model.
jsonfx JSON serialization framework for .NET
justify-content null
jsc3d A web 3d object viewer using pure javascript and html canvas
jsm a javascript module file as used by mozilla
method-interception Intercepts calls on an interface on its way to the target
metal-performance-shaders for questions pertaining to the MetalPerformanceShaders.framework on macOS, tvOS and iOS on Apple's platforms.
metatype A metatype type refers to the type of any type, including class types, structure types, enumeration types, and protocol types.
maskformatter null
maven-replacer-plugin A plugin for Maven which allows you to perform string replacements on resource files
mindbody MINDBODY online platform and SOAP-based API.
msbuild-buildengine null
mqx for questions about MQX RTOS, a real-time operating system generally used in embedded systems
monkey-testing a software testing technique in which the testing is performed on the system under test randomly
morea-framework Through the framework easily generate educational websites organized by Modules, Outcomes, Readings, Experiences, and Assessments.
mootools-fx The Fx class of the MooTools JavaScript Library is the foundation for several effects classes
node-glob null
njsonschema A .Net library for validating JSON against a schema or generating a schema from an existing .Net class.
notification-channel null
nor a digital logic gate that implements logical NOR - it behaves according to the truth table to the right
ntvdm a technology that allows running legacy DOS and 16-bit Windows programs on Intel 80386 or higher computers when there is already another operating system running and …
ntruencrypt public key cryptosytem based on lattices which is assumed to be quantum computer secure in contrast to RSA and ECC
nsurlrequestcachepolicy Specifies the caching behavior of the request
nsmanagedobjectid Compact, universal identifier for a managed object.
nzsql The nzsql command invokes a SQL command interpreter on the IBM® Netezza®.
nested-exceptions null
nested-includes null
nested-controls null
nehotspothelper The NEHotspotHelper interface allows an iOS app to participate in the process of joining Wi-Fi/hotspot networks
namedpipeserverstream null
multilevel-analysis Statistical methods appropriate for the analysis of data sets comprising several levels of hierarchy of units of analysis
multiple-indirection null
mysqljs null
my.resources null
mxunit null
http-status-code-411 HTTP status code 411: Length Required
hg-log null
hocr an open standard which defines a data format for representation of OCR output.
helium a tool for testing websites and automating browsers
icap The Internet Content Adaptation Protocol is a lightweight HTTP-like protocol used to extend transparent proxy servers, thereby freeing up resources and standardizing the way in which new featur…
iformfile null
icloud-documents null
interchange a web-based application framework written in Perl provided by the Interchange Development Group
inserthtml null
implication Anything related to the logical implication operation, i.e
inet-aton C language programming: inet_aton converts a Internet host address from the IPv4 numbers-and-dots notation into binary form
infinispan-9 null
info-hash null
git-filter null
geosparql null
gemstone a distributed Smalltalk system with a massive, persistent memory.
google-cloud-trace a feature of the Google Cloud Platform that allows you to view the RPCs invoked by your App Engine application and to view and analyze the time taken to …
google-maps-react Questions related to google maps react component library by Fullstack
groovlet Groovy Scripts with JSP like implicit variables bounded.
grails-resources-plugin HTML resource management enhancements to replace g.resource etc.
grafana-templating null
emacs-jedi Python auto-completion for Emacs
ember-validations null
endlessadapter null
extract-error-message null
everlive null
eventsetter null
ewmh null
evenly null
evented-io null
dtruss a script for `DTrace` that traces all types of system calls, but unlike other scripts can trace multiple processes at the same time.
duffs-device null
drupal-views-relationship for questions about relationships used with the Views module.
elasticsearch-spark null
dynamics-nav-2016 an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft
e10s a project to turn Firefox in a multi-process browser, where the browser and web content are run in separate processes.
freeboard A free open-source alternative to Geckoboard.
free-command null
fxsl null
freshbooks-api a cloud-based accounting software service designed for owners of the types of small client-service businesses that send invoices to clients and get paid for their time and expertise
free-variable null
facebook-app-invites null
fee E-commerce usage related to additional charges
finereader null
flamingo null
fillfactor a technique used by some database engines to improve the performance of insertion and modification by reducing data rearrangement
field-description null
fiddler-dev null
filebrowse null
ncommon null
impressionist Rails gem that tracks impressions and page views.
nanoscroller is a jQuery plugin that offers a simplistic way of implementing Mac OS X Lion-styled scrollbars for your website
narray an Numerical N-dimensional Array class for Ruby.
mysql-error-1248 error: #1248 - Every derived table must have its own alias
nativexml an opensource native Delphi XML parser and writer.
doophp a high-performance MVC-based PHP framework for developing web 2.0 applications rapidly.
spm a matlab library for preprocessing and analysis of functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging data.
splunk-formula null
domo a hosted business intelligence platform which creates reports using data from disparate data sources.
short-filenames An 8.3 filename is a filename convention used by old versions of DOS, versions of Microsoft Windows prior to Windows 95, and Windows NT 3.51.
dotty a platform to try out new language concepts and compiler technologies for Scala
sidekiq-monitor null
bigtop a project for the development of packaging and tests of the Apache Hadoop ecosystem.
binary-diff null
billiards A game played on a tabletop, usually with several balls, one or more of which is hit by a cue.
binding-context an object that holds data that you can reference from your bindings.
source-server Source Server description by Microsoft
controllercontext null
meck With meck you can easily mock modules in Erlang
megabyte a unit of size of computer memory or storage.
meekro a PHP MySQL library that lets you get more done with fewer lines of code, and prevents SQL injection.
glibmm the official C++ interface for the popular cross-platform library Glib
gl-matrix Javascript Matrix and Vector library for High Performance WebGL apps.
mdxstudio a tool for write a MDX query
library-interposition a practice to override a call to the function from library by the developer's own implementation
visual-studio-2010-beta-1 null
abas an enterprise resource planning & e-business application for manufacturers in the Assemble-to-Order, Make-to-Order and Engineer-to-Order environment
lustre A highly scalable distributed file system.
lwt null
compss a programming model which aims to ease the development of applications for distributed infrastructures, such as Clusters, Grids and Clouds
visual-studio-monaco a coding environment for the cloud, in the cloud
phpdebugbar The DebugBar integrates easily in any projects and can display profiling data from any part of your application
innovation May refer to the Innovation HTTPClient Java library.
inlineuicontainer null
inotify-tools null
express-vhost null
android-guava a project to bring the best parts of guava to Android
android-include null
modelchoicefield A Django form field used for representing model relationships
mod-cache null
model-based-testing null
platform-tools null
plan-9 an operating system kernel with an available collection of software, originally developed at Bell Labs.
nokia-wrt a portable application framework that allows creating widgets on the S60 Platform; it is an extension to the S60 WebKit based browser that allows launching multiple browser insta…
nodereference for questions related to the field node reference; a field type that allows you to create links to related content when you are creating a node.
caucho an information technology company that produces web server software and application server software as well as the originators of Quercus and Hessian open source projects.
cci null
ccscrollview null
apache-velocity a Java-based template engine
xor-linkedlist null
xscale null
hypotenuse null
hybrid-cloud null
presenceinsights IBM Presence Insights helps you understand mobile activity in and around a physical location, such as retail establishments
pressflow null
rtaudio a set of C++ classes that provide a common API for realtime audio input/output across Linux, Macintosh OS-X and Windows operating systems
primary-interop-assembly a unique, vendor-supplied assembly that contains type definitions of types implemented with COM
mosso a web application hosting/cloud platform provider that bills on a utility computing basis.
moto a python library to easily mock out the Boto library .
sql-manager null
sqlprofileprovider null
sqlroleprovider null
sql-generation null
add-references-dialog null
seckeyref Certificate, Key, and Trust Services provides a C API for managing certificates, public and private keys, and trust policies
bpp null
flinkml the machine learning library for the Apache Flink distributed streaming engine.
webkit-transition null
scopt simple scala command line options parsing
nunit-2.6 For issues relating creating and running unit tests using NUnit, version 2.6.
ruby-2.1.3 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.1.3
graph-modelling-language a hierarchical text-based format for modelling graphs, by describing nodes and edges .
kiba-etl null
kiicloud Kii provides an end-to-end cloud platform optimized for the IoT with a focus on connectivity, scale, stability and performance.
icr ICR or Intelligent Character Recognition involves the recognition of handwritten text and other irregular glyphs
identityserver2 null
magiczoomplus A javascript library for creating zoomable images.
ieditableobject an interface in the .NET framework to allow objects to be edited by a user.
google-iap Questions related to Google Cloud Identity Aware Proxy
google-friend-connect null
jquery-form-wizard null
java-calendar null
java-gstreamer Java bindings for the gstreamer multimedia framework.
javaloader null
unity3d-mecanim the Unity game engine’s animation tool, which includes retargetable animations, full control of animation weights at runtime, event calling from within the animation playback, sophisticated…
npm-run This runs an arbitrary command from a package's is provided, it will list the available scripts
npm-init the command used to create a package.json for new modules.
system.numerics null
autoeventwireup null
autoformat null
autograd null
auto-populating null
facebook-game-groups App and Game Groups give games the ability to integrate Facebook Groups into their game.
facebook-graph-api-v2.6 Questions regarding Facebook's Graph API's version v2.6
csstidy a command line CSS parser used for syntax checking, shorthand replacement, and templating.
css-hyphens The hyphens CSS property tells the browser how to go about splitting words to improve the layout of text when line-wrapping.
dockable-windows null
deployit a deployment tool created by XebiaLabs
ggforce Accelerating ggplot2
git-apply Git command that applies a patch to files and/or to the index.
mirage An OCaml-based programming framework for building type-safe, modular systems.
minor-mode null
minidumpwritedump the Windows API function used to create a user-mode dump.
beast a vulnerability of the TLS 1.0 protocol discovered in 2011.
file-generation null
file-link null
livecoding null
llvmlite for questions about llvmlite, a lightweight LLVM python binding for writing JIT compilers
llc the LLVM Static Compiler
thephpleague-fractal null
tv4 a tiny Validator for v4 JSON Schema.
tuner Collection of tools to analyze music, extract features like MFCCs, handling wave files, read mp3, transcription, ..
jdesktop a JavaScript library for those who prefer creating web applications in an object oriented way.
uitextrange `UITextRange` objects represent a range of characters in a text container in Apple's `UIKit` framework, such as `UITextField` or `UITextView`.
weakly-typed null
wcf-serialization null
sipp on questions related to the use of the SIPp tool.
simplyscroll null
simpletip null
umdh a debugging utility for performing analysis of heap memory allocations for a Windows process.
object-layout null
oboe.js Streaming JSON loading for Node and browsers
symbolic-references null
switchmap null
responsive-emails null
eslintrc For issues relating to .eslintrc.* configuration files.
zeta-components a high quality, general purpose library of loosly coupled components for development of applications based on PHP 5
zmodem a file transfer protocol of the BBS era, developed in a project funded by Telenet in order to improve file transfers on their X.25 network
pysphere Python API for interaction with the vSphere Web Services SDK.
deep-residual-networks null
python-attrs a Python package that will bring back the joy of writing classes by relieving you from the drudgery of implementing object protocols
nspec a BDD framework for .NET of the xSpec flavor
driving-distance null
xiaomi For issues relating to devices of the Xiaomi Inc.
xl-deploy The tool Deploy
droid-fu an open-source effort aiming to collect and bundle solutions to common concerns in the development of applications for the Google Android platform.
openbabel a popular set of tools and a library used to read, write, analyze and modify chemical and biochemical structures.
opc-da the first of a group of specifications known as the Classic OPC Specifications.
onutterancecompleted null
streamparse a software package that runs Python code inside the Java-based Apache Storm.
stream-compaction null
string-building null
boost-polygon The Boost.Polygon library provides algorithms focused on manipulating planar polygon geometry data.
chef-template null
boot-animation null
child-fragment null
chef-windows null
tabslideout null
react-devtools React Developer Tools lets you inspect the React component hierarchy, including component props and state
wrds null
pypm the Python Package Manager included with ActivePython that allows one to install pre-compiled binary packages from the ActiveState PyPM repository.
rblpapi null
tail-call a subroutine call that happens inside another procedure as its final action; it may produce a return value which is then immediately returned by the calling procedure.
rxalamofire null
taphold null
active-hdl a Windows® based, integrated FPGA Design Creation and Simulation solution for team-based environments
applicationstate for questions related to the application's state, which is roughly the entire contents of its memory.
google-widget null
gotw Related to Herb Sutter's C++ programming challenges.
gost3410 a family of the Russian Federal standards for digital signature algorithm which use elliptic curve cryptography.
pg-query null
pfsubclassing null
orsserialport an Objective-C serial port library for OS X
os-detection Detecting the operating system that a program is running or being compiled on.
maven-indexer Apache Maven Indexer is the de facto standard for producing indexes of Maven repositories
maven-embedder a project development management and comprehension tool.
maven-pdf-plugin This plug-in allows you to generate a PDF version of your project's documentation.
angularjs-decorator Angular documentation: Decoration of service, allows the decorator to intercept the service instance creation
jnr a Java library for calling native code
jnativehook null
jinterface null
gon null
upstream-branch null
upn an Internet-style login name for the user based on the Internet standard RFC 822.
typeglob intended for questions related to a joint name for a data structure which represents a complete symbol table entry.
type-extension null
semi-join null
mappath null
markdowndeep null
markerspiderfier null
vinyl-ftp null
android-architecture null
pandorabots a RESTful API for integrating artificially intelligent chatbots into applications.
audio-route null
servicestack-autoquery null
firefox6 Version 6 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firebase-cloud-functions for questions related to Cloud Functions for Firebase.
atlassian-localstack A fully functional local AWS cloud stack
ng-maxlength Sets maxlength validation error key if the value is longer than maxlength
faults a condition that causes the software to fail to perform its required function.
ng-img-crop null
horizontallistview null
fastlane-match null
windows-key null
pushy null
tree-grammar null
treeline a backend framework that makes it easy to build custom, high-performance apps for Node.js
test-more null
rails-sprockets null
railsinstaller-windows null
range-tree Data Structure that allows fast range queries, such as
subcommand for questions related to subcommands, i.e
canjs-control null
struts2-junit-plugin The Struts 2 JUnit Plugin provides integration with JUnit.
struts2-rest-plugin The REST Plugin provides high level support for the implementation of RESTful resource based web applications
interspire-shopping-cart a feature rich, all-in-one shopping cart PHP software.
invalidprogramexception An exception running a .NET program, usually caused by a : http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.invalidprogramexception.aspx
invalid-url null
invalid-pointer null
version-control-keywords Code used in version control systems can be marked with some tags like $Id$ and $author$ to provide meta data in the files under version control.
msloadtest null
distributed-algorithm null
qsignalmapper a class from the Qt Toolkit which bundles signals from identifiable senders.
displaymode null
xact null
xact-abort for questions related to XACT_ABORT, which is used for ensuring atomicity of transactions.
limma a bioconductor package used for linear models in differential expression or methylation analyses
wxerlang a Erlang wrapper for wxWidgets, a cross-platform C++ GUI framework.
wxhtmlwindow null
angular2-modal An AngularJS 2 modal implementation
angelscript a free, open source, flexible, and cross-platform scripting library meant to be embedded in applications
ios9-today-widget Refers to the widget in the notifications center of iOS 9 devices, made in the same way as iOS 8 Today Widgets but for the latest version of iOS.
ios-searchapi All technologies and topics related to iOS Search API, that is: NSUserActivity, CoreSpotlight, Web Markup
axure Axure RP gives you the wireframing, prototyping and specification tools needed to make informed design choices, persuade any skeptics, get your design built to spec..
django-multiwidget null
blackberry-torch null
prototype-oriented null
nettopologysuite a direct-port of all the functionalities offered by the
rhdf5 null
fsharp.data.typeproviders null
fst null
jsontemplate a minimal but powerful templating language, currently implemented in both Python and JavaScript.
hbase-shell null
word-size null
wsgiserver null
wsapi is an API that abstracts the web server from Lua web applications.
xcode-command-line-tools null
xcode9-beta5 null
xcode6.3.2 Version 6.3.2 of Apple's Xcode IDE.
yahoo-search a web search engine, owned by Yahoo! Inc.
yandex-tank a utility for load testing and performance analysis of web services and applications.
xml-encryption a specification governed by a W3C recommendation, that defines how to encrypt the contents of an XML element.
xmlpoke a tool to make some pokes in xml files with msbuild.
xmlstreamwriter The XMLStreamWriter interface specifies how to write XML.
telerik-editor null
lammps null
commerceserver2007 Commerce Server 2007 provides a set of tools for the Web site developer, the IT professional, and the business user to help develop, deploy, and manage e-commerce applications
clojars a community maintained repository for open source Clojure libraries.
backgroundrb a Ruby job server and scheduler
static-compilation null
creators-update null
crossroadsjs a routing library inspired by URL Route/Dispatch utilities present on frameworks like Rails, Pyramid, Django, CakePHP and CodeIgniter.
lazy-io In Haskell, lazy-IO actions return their result before the IO is completely performed
lds null
database-programming null
dashlet a component within the Alfresco Share web user interface
launch-condition null
latin-square null
lazyeval null
layout-anchor null
vvv-wordpress an open source Vagrant configuration focused on WordPress development.
vwo null
ios-standalone-mode null
ng2-tag-input null
waitforimages A jQuery plugin to ease the pain of cross browser loading images and image references in CSS.
react-thunk null
reactxp a library for building cross-platform apps
fcbkcomplete Auto-complete/multi-select javacscript control styled like Facebook's pervasive user and option selectors.
latexmk null
angular-unit-test null
safehandle null
large-title null
amazon-read-replica null
pyhdf a Python interface to the HDF4external library
pyfcm null
pykafka a cluster-aware Kafka>=0.8.2 client for Python
pl-i PL/I programming language used on IBM Mainframes
playhaven a mobile game maximization platform that supports both iOS and Android devices
physfs a C library to provide abstract access to various archives
physical-design null
pydal Python Database Abstraction Layer, a pure Python library to construct and execute SQL queries in a number of dialects with fluent interface syntax.
python-exec For questions about exec/eval/etc and their behavior within Python
python-dedupe Questions about the dedupe python library
psapi The Microsoft process status application programming interface is a helper library that makes it easier for you to obtain information about processes and device drivers.
proxytunnel null
pstcollectionview null
powershell-jobs null
precompiling null
project-explorer null
project-server-2007 a project management server solution made by Microsoft
openvdb an Academy Award-winning open-source C++ library comprising a novel hierarchical data structure and a suite of tools for the efficient storage and manipulation of sparse volumetric data dis…
openinventor An object oriented 3D graphics toolkit implemented on top of OpenGL.
operational null
ondrawitem null
opengl-es-lighting null
onfocuschangelistener null
perch A lightweight content management system running on PHP and MySQL.
perlapp an product from ActiveState that turns a Perl program into a single-file executable.
pbjvision an iOS camera engine library that allows easy integration of special capture features and camera customization in your iOS app.
parserelation A class used in order to relate children to a parent in a relationship from the Parse.com API.
parsoid a web service for translating back and forth between MediaWiki's wikitext syntax and an equivalent HTML/RDFa document model with enhanced support for automated processing and rich editing.
partial-index an index built over a subset of a table; This is database technique possible in PostgreSQL
parboiled2 a Scala 2.10.3+ library enabling lightweight and easy-to-use, yet powerful, fast and elegant parsing of arbitrary input text.
over-clause related to SQL window functions
pagedcollectionview null
outerwidth null
sam a PHP framework that provides a very simple API that can be used to access a number of messaging middleware systems from PHP.
runhaskell GHC command that allows running a Haskell program as a script, without having to compile it beforehand
rs a component of the Android operating system for mobile devices
ripemd null
sdmx Statistical Data and Metadata eXchange https://sdmx.org/
sdl-net a small sample cross-platform networking library, with a sample chat client and server application
seafile-server an open source cloud storage system with advanced support for file syncing, privacy protection and teamwork
search-engine-api null
selectinputdate null
scgi a protocol which provides server functionality
rfb-protocol a simple protocol for remote access to graphical user interfaces
reticulate null
resource-adapter null
redux-actions null
redstone.dart null
real-time-java a catch-all term for a combination of technologies that allows programmers to write programs that meet the demands of real-time systems in the Java programming language.
remote-management null
qpolygon The QPolygon class, part of the Qt framework, provides a vector of points using integer precision.
qpropertyanimation The QPropertyAnimation class animates Qt properties.
r2rml a language for expressing customized mappings from relational databases to RDF datasets.
quantumgrid a Grid and Data Editors Library created for Delphi and C++ Builder and available for the VCL.
qrect The QRect class, part of the Qt framework, defines a rectangle in the plane using integer precision.
racket-student-languages a set of small languages meant to be used with the book How to Design Programs
readerquotas null
readeventlog null
timeofday one of the column types of a `DataTable` of the Google chart tools, and a property of DateTime in .NET 4.6 and 4.5 Use this tag for questions related to `timeofday`.
tizen-tv null
triangle-count null
twelvemonkeys a collection of plugins and extensions for Java's ImageIO.
troff an typesetting language for producing documents.
trusted-sites Internet Explorer assigns all websites to one of four security zones: Internet, Local intranet, Trusted sites, or Restricted sites
twitter-bootstrap-form null
tx-gridelements null
ubiquity a Firefox extension which accepts shorthand syntax for command tasks that require multiple clicks through a user friendly input field.
uispec4j an Open Source functional and unit testing framework for Swing-based Java applications, built on top of the JUnit test harness.
ui-scroll null
uiloader null
unspecified null
virtual-tour null
video-on-demand system which allow users to select and watch/listen to video content when they choose to.
verysleepy a non-invasive profiler for the Windows platform that allows statistical profiling of C++ applications through sampling the instruction pointer register based off the original 'Sleepy…
vici null
websphere-traditional IBM WebSphere Application Server traditional, a software application server, is the flagship product within IBM's WebSphere brand
webfocus null
winappdriver null
window-decoration null
targetnullvalue null
t9 Predictive text technology
syphon Backbone.Syphon serialize the forms in a Backbone.Views into a JSON object for use with Backbone's models.
sysinfo null
textutils null
teradata-covalent a UI platform built on Angular + Material Design
teradata-sql-assistant null
template-mixins null
strrchr null
starling-server a Ruby-based persistent queue server
subobject If struct B has variable object pointing to struct A , then an instance of B is said to contain an A subobject
subtext null
svg-font a font format defined by the W3C to define the shapes of text used in SVG images.
swift-framework null
swampdragon a real time web application framework built with Django and Python.
svnbridge an extension for Microsoft's Team Foundation Server that allows the use of a Subversion client with TFS
svn-merge-reintegrate null
space-filling-curve null
spark-skinning New skinning architecture of Adobe Flex 4
spatial-data null
spotify-desktop With Spotify, it’s easy to find the right music for every moment – on your phone, your computer, your tablet and more
spring-cloud-security null
sql-server-7 for questions specific to the 7.0 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.
sql-data-tools null
sqlapi++ null
signer null
shelving null
simctl a tool that allows you to create, boot, launch and then shutdown and destroy iOS simulators on the fly, and provides commands to install and launch specific…
sly-scroller a JavaScript library for one-directional scrolling with item based navigation support.
slugify a PHP library which helps to convert a string into a slug.
social-stream A framework for building social network websites
solar null
software-estimation null
socketio4net SocketIO4Net.Client provides a .NET 4.0 C# client for Socket.IO
social-gaming null
smartxls null
shellcheck Shellcheck refers to the ShellCheck program.
sharppdf a .NET 1.1 library for simple PDF document creation.
sigprocmask null
shodan a search engine that lets you find specific computers using a variety of filters
sql-azure-federations SQL Azure Federations single-shared database structures intended for use by multiple tenants through the use of database shards
spritely a jQuery plugin for working with animated sprites in a web page.
stack-level null
starcounter a memory centric, ACID compliant, transactional database, optimized for modern CPUs
standardanalyzer null
staggeredgridlayoutmanager null
spring2.x Version 2.x of the Spring Framework, use for general Spring related questions.
solidcolorbrush null
svnx an OS X open source GUI for most features of the svn client binary.
svgwrite an extension to the Python programming language which provides support for creating SVG drawings.
svgz the standard way to refer to an SVG image that has been compressed using the Gzip compression algorithm.
sutime a Java library for recognizing and normalizing time expressions.
subsonic-simplerepository null
subquery-factoring for questions related to the subquery factoring, i.e
startup-folder null
sterling-db a lightweight NoSQL object-oriented database for .NET 4.0, Silverlight 4 and 5, and Windows Phone 7 with LINQ to Object support.
stdmove null
string-operations null
storage-duration null
textstyle null
thumbor a smart imaging service
syscache null
synthetica null
system-profiler Since different system profilers exist for different operating systems, the tag should be used in combination with the tag specifying the OS.
table-index null
windows-composition-api For questions about the Windows.UI.Compositon WinRT API namespace which can be called from any Universal Windows Platform app to create lightweight visuals and apply powerful animations, effects, and …
wingdings null
winrs the Windows Remote Shell, a system administration tool that allows remote shell access.
wordbreaker null
watson-virtual-agent null
websphere-ce null
website-admin-tool Usually refers to the ASP.NET Web Site Admin Tool, a tool to easily modify and manage your website configuration through a simple web interface.
vfs-stream a stream wrapper for a virtual file system.
vldb the acronym for very large database
visual-build-professional null
user-administration null
user-extensions.js null
user-instance null
ungetc null
unobserved-exception In the Task Parallel Library , an unobserved exception is one which is thrown by the finalizer thread when a Task exception occurs but is not actively observed.
unbuffered-queries null
trixbox a software PBX based on Asterisk.
tile-engine null
tps Clarion TopSpeed Database Files
tolua++ Tool for using Lua together with C/C++
togetherjs a free, open source JavaScript library by Mozilla that adds collaboration features and tools to your website.
toeplitz In linear algebra, a Toeplitz matrix or diagonal-constant matrix, named after Otto Toeplitz, is a matrix in which each descending diagonal from left to right is constant.
readyroll a database Change Management tool from RedGate
rational-unified-process a comprehensive process framework that provides industry-tested practices for software and systems delivery and implementation and for effective project managem…
rawrepresentable null
raddocking null
radphp a visual PHP framework and IDE that supports Web, Facebook®, and mobile applications.
raspbian-wheezy a free Debian-wheezy-based OS for the Raspberry-Pi computer.
qscopedpointer a class from the Qt Toolkit which stores a pointer to a dynamically allocated object, and deletes it upon destruction.
qlibrary a class from the Qt Toolkit which loads shared libraries at runtime.
qgraphicspixmapitem a class of Qt .
render-html null
reference-manual null
rebalancing null
red-zone stack space that's safe from asynchronous modification even though it's not reserved the normal way
repaintmanager null
rfc1123 A RFC entitled
rightscale a cloud management service that allows users to deploy and manage applications across public, private and hybrid clouds.
sceditor a lightweight WYSIWYG BBCode & HTML editor
schema.yml to allow you to manage your model definitions directly from a YAML file rather then editing php code.
scriptprocessor Web Audio API's ScriptProcessor node
sdiff null
setediting null
setsid A POSIX system call to create a new session and set the process group ID
sfml.net .Net wrapper for the Simple Fast Multimedia Library.
robotc a c-like language used for an introductory in programming robotics.
robobinding a data-binding Presentation Model framework for the Android platform.
row-value-expression a SQL standard expression for specifying a row value
row-key uniquely identified by its row key, similar to the primary key in a relational table
ruby-style-guide null
samsung-gear-fit a fitness tracker and smartwatch for Samsung devices
scan-build null
sarama a Golang client library for Apache Kafka.
outlook-2011 null
output-directory null
padding-oracle-attack A Padding Oracle Attack exploits ciphertext decryptor to recover the plaintext by sending multiple manipulated ciphertexts
pack-uri null
page-flow null
paypal-permissions null
pcap-ng The PCAP Next Generation Dump File Format is an attempt to overcome the limitations of the currently widely used libpcap format.
pcx an images file format that stands for Personal Computer eXchange
periodic-processing null
opserver a monitoring system created by the team at Stack Exchange.
openinfowindowhtml null
open-liberty a highly composable, fast to start, dynamic application server runtime environment distributed under the EPLv1 license.
openkm a Free/Libre document management system that provides a web interface for managing arbitrary files
openvx an open, royalty-free standard for cross platform acceleration of computer vision applications.
oracle-analytics Oracle analytic functions compute an aggregate value based on a group of rows
oracle-cursor null
oracle-cdc Oracle Change Data Capture related questions
projekktor a self-hosted, open source video player for the web, written in Javascript.
print-style null
program-transformation process to modify one program to produce another.
primefaces-push null
pre-allocation null
pspice a SPICE analog circuit and digital logic simulation program for Microsoft Windows
proxy-object null
pin-ptr null
phonegap-developer-app A mobile application by Adobe Phonegap that allows developers to test their applications directly on their phones.
pharocloud Hosting for Smalltalk web-application
portable-python a portable version of the Python programming language.
ponylang an open-source, object-oriented, actor-model, capabilities-secure, high performance programming language
pyicu Python version of the ICU library
pythonqt null
amazon-javascript-sdk Amazon JavaScript sdk let's you use Amazon web services directly from the client side browser without having to write a server layer that was traditionally used to consume AWS
amazon-kinesis-agent null
amazon-device-messaging Used for questions related to Amazon's Device Messaging, a proprietary messaging protocol generally used by Amazon's Fire OS devices.
lars null
safariwatir SafariWatir stands for
saf The Swing Application Framework is a Java specification for providing a simple application framework for Swing applications
odp an extension of presentation files in Open Document Format for Office Applications .
odesk an online platform where freelancers list their expertise and bid to be awarded work which is typically administrative or one-off projects that require little supervision and once completed d…
authlogic-oauth null
fcgid a high performance alternative to mod_cgi or mod_cgid, which starts a sufficient number instances of the CGI program to handle concurrent requests, and these programs remain ru…
read-committed null
babel-plugin null
babel-core null
react-native-push-notification null
react-redux-firebase null
ip-blocking null
appcelerator-acs a provider of backend services for mobile applications
appboy null
angulardraganddroplists null
angular-di null
layout-xml null
relational-operators Questions about operators that test the relationship between two objects/variables/entities
statelist null
crfsuite a C++ implementation of Conditional Random Fields for labeling sequential data.
createoleobject null
clog null
clojure.test Unit test framework for clojure.
tdom null
entity-groups null
entity-framework-4.3.1 a bug fixing patch release for Microsoft Entity Framework that includes some bug fixes to the 4.3 release.
entitykey null
lanczos null
lacontext null
telegraf-inputs-plugin null
y2k null
xcode6.0.1 null
wtsapi32 null
wso2cloud the public cloud offering from WSO2 which consists of an App Cloud and an API Cloud.
wordpress-4.5.2 a security release for all previous versions
writeonly null
haxepunk a 2d game engine written in Haxe for cross-platform deployment.
has-one-through null
yii-rest Use for questions about any version of Yii Rest Api, an open-source MVC framework for writing Rest API's in PHP5+
zapier-cli null
dashclock a replacement lock screen clock widget for Android 4.2+
jsr311 JSR 311: JAX-RS: The Java API for RESTful Web Services
fstab the file in UNIX/Linux systems that defines file systems that are mounted on boot or available to be manually mounted.
fullcontact an online address book service with APIs for Java, iOS, PHP, jQuery and more.
cocos2d-swift an open-source framework for building cross-platform 2D games with Xcode and Objective-C
cocos2d-iphone-2.x Objective-C versions 2.x of cocos2d-iphone
net-tcp null
proofs null
property-editor null
blackberry-os5 null
codecave null
django-jenkins django-jenkins - Plug and play continuous integration add-on for Django and Jenkins
django-openid-auth add OpenID support to Django applications.
azure-autoscaling-block Microsoft Enterprise Library Autoscaling Application Block enables to change the number of role instances of a Windows Azure Cloud Service based on a time schedule and/or operating parameters.
x10-language a programming language developed by IBM that emphasizes parallelism for high-performance computing.
disposing null
dispy a Python module for distributed and parallel computing.
qstk a Python-based open source software framework designed to support portfolio construction and management.
mss null
mtproto designed for access to a server API from applications running on mobile devices
verificationexception null
data-importer null
vectorwise to identify questions that relate to Vectorwise
vcpu A vCPU stands for Virtual Central Processing Unit
styleable null
iriscouch Apache CouchDB server, free hosting service—a couch in the cloud.
iron-list a Polymer element which displays a virtual, 'infinite' list.
iron-data-table a Web Component for displaying data as a table or grid
iron-form null
core-nfc null
corenlp-server CoreNLP includes a simple web API server for servicing your human language understanding needs
pyzo a free and open-source computing environment based on Python
transmission-daemon null
randoop a unit test generator for Java
teststand a test management software by National Intruments.
text-analytics-api null
textbuffer null
ptxas an assembler for Parallel Thread eXecution.
htmlwriter null
htsql a comprehensive navigational query language for relational databases.
windows-embedded-standard null
faulted null
fastparquet null
hot-reload null
hp-performance-center null
logan-square JSON parsing library developed by BlueLine Labs
log4net-filter Filters in Apache's log4net logging framework for .NET
firewall-access null
service-management null
service-installer null
lockup null
pamie P.A.M.I.E
vimclojure Vim plugin for the Clojure programming language which adds syntax highlighting, indenting and code completion.
redaction a type of editing, typically the removal of information from a document before it is published or shared with a larger audience.
redirecttoroute null
mapfish a flexible and complete framework for building rich web-mapping applications
mapguide a web-based platform that enables users to develop and deploy web mapping applications and geospatial web services.
pecs A java generics acronym for
semigroup an algebraic structure consisting of a set together with an associative binary operation
typetoken null
google-admin-audit-api null
restbed A comprehensive and consistent programming model for building applications that require seamless and secure communication over HTTP.
fmpp a general-purpose text file preprocessor tool that uses FreeMarker templates.
join-hints null
joda-money Joda-Money provides a Java library of classes to store money amount.
font-style null
matlab-java The MATLAB-Java API provides access to MATLAB's internal Java classes, allowing additional ways to customize and interact with the MATLAB environment and application GUI.
maven-1 for Maven 1 related questions
ordered-map A list-map hybrid
gperf a perfect hash function generator
google-trusted-stores should be used for questions related to integration with the Google Trusted Stores program for E-Commerce retailers
taiga an Open Source project management platform for agile developers & designers.
tag-handler null
tanuki null
jquery-ui-contextmenu A jQuery plugin that provides a context menu .
pynsist Pynsist builds Windows installers for Python applications
pymongo-2.x Version 2 of
chip-8 to refer about the interpreted programming language CHIP-8 designed to make video-game programming easier and developed originally for 8-bit microcomputers by Joseph Weisbecker in the mid…
chiliproject a web based project management system based on Ruby on Rails
strerror null
storyboard-reference null
opal a high-level interface for low-level physics engines used in games, robotics simulations, and other 3D applications
droidparts a dependency injection, object-relational mapping, JSON, REST..
drupal-alter a function that allows modules to alter the data structures used by other modules.
xirr Excel formula which returns the internal rate of return for a schedule of cash flows
xml.modify a function in MS SQL to modify xml data.
nstablerowview the view shown for a row in an NSTableView
defaultstyleddocument null
deduction-guide null
default-implementation null
python-2.2 For issues relating to development in Python, version 2.2
pyshp a Python module for manipulating Shapefiles, which are widely used in Geographic Information Systems
es6-shim null
es2017 null
ete3 Use for questions related to the ETE toolkit version 3, a Python framework to work with trees.
swipe.js a lightweight mobile slider with 1:1 touch movement
switchers null
swscale a library for image/video scaling and colorspace/pixelformat conversion routines.
uiviewanimation-curve null
ultracombo Component of the Infragistics NetAdvantage suite to provide the same functionality as a ComboBox control but provides a grid like drop-down list that allows for multiple columns of data to be shown.
single-file null
webby null
webapplicationstresstool Microsoft Web Application Stress Tool
jdic the Java Desktop Integration Components project, an attempt to improve Java apps' access to the underlying OS' facilities.
tuprolog a light-weight Prolog system for distributed applications and infrastructures, intentionally designed around a minimal core
livefyre a technology company that helps bloggers, publishers, and brands create online communities through conversation and social media curation
litho A declarative, high-performance Android UI library by Facebook inspired by the React component model
ansys null
ansible-handlers null
mini-xml a small XML library that you can use to read and write XML and XML-like data files in your application without requiring large non-standard libraries
image-science a small Ruby library for basic image manipulations common to web applications, such as cropping, resizing, and thumb-nailing.
imagemagick-identify For the ImageMagick bitmap conversion software suite, the identify program describes the format and characteristics of one or more image files
bazaar-plugins null
reporting-tools null
reportportal a real-time reporting system for automated tests
reposurgeon A tool by Eric S
dependency-resolution the process of resolving declared/required dependencies and any potential transitive dependency through the concerned dependencies graph, for instance during a build of a soft…
derived-instances null
sbt-docker an open source build tool for Scala and Java projects, similar to Java's Maven or Ant
ctabitem null
cts-search cts-search refers to a set of MarkLogic functions related to low-level search
cuda.net a cross-platform API allowing .NET applications to use CUDA functionality.
facebook-php-webdriver null
autoproxy null
autopy a simple, cross-platform GUI automation toolkit for Python
autofield null
autoexec null
system.web.mail null
nsdatecomponent NSDateComponents encapsulates the components of a date in an extendable, object-oriented manner
system.err null
nsb-servicecontrol null
npm-update null
unikernel Unikernels: Library Operating Systems for the Cloud
uniscribe The Windows Uniscribe API enables displaying text with far finer control over font features than can be accomplished with other GDI-based functions .
java-micro-editon-sdk3.0 About Java ME Platform SDK 3.0
javaquery the Java port of jQuery.
google-floodlight an optional feature in DFA that allows advertisers to capture and report on the actions of users who visit their website after viewing or clicking on one of the advertiser's ads
jquery-context null
multiple-schema null
mahjong null
uigravitybehavior A gravity behavior specifies a gravity vector that applies to all of its dynamic items.
uidocumentmenuvc null
grel the transformation expression language for OpenRefine , a data wrangling application
flex-direction A Flexible Box Layout property in CSS3 and React Native that defines the in React Native.
ruby-1.9.1 For issues relating to developing in Ruby, version 1.9.1.
numactl numactl runs processes with a specific NUMA scheduling or memory placement policy.
ruby-daemons Daemons provides an easy way to wrap existing ruby scripts to be run as a daemon and to be controlled by simple start/stop/restart commands.
rubygame a portable Ruby library for video games, build on SDL.
nunittestadapter The NUnitTestAdapter extension works with the Visual Studio Unit Test window to allow integrated test execution under Visual Studio 2012, 2013 and 2015
webkit2 null
b-plus-tree an n-ary tree with a variable but often large number of children per node, suitable for storing data for efficient retrieval in a block-oriented storage context
securid RSA SecurID Access delivers secure and convenient access for any user, from anywhere, to anything
seekbar-thumb null
adhearsion a full-featured framework for the development of applications which interact with or control voice communications
sqloledb null
r-table R has a table function which creates a matrix-like object.
preroll null
ibm-appid A security service, built on Bluemix, that adds authentication to your apps and protects your back-end resources.
xsl-variable null
xqilla For questions related to XQilla, the XQuery and XPath processor.
apache-syncope an Open Source system for managing digital identities in enterprise environments, implemented in Java EE technology and released under Apache 2.0 license.
apex-data-loader an easy to use graphical tool that helps you to get your data into Salesforce objects.
api-authorization null
ssis-data-types null
consul-kv null
ssha a salted variant of the SHA hashing algorithm
cctexturecache CCTextureCache: Singleton texture manager used in Cocos2d game engine.
ohhttpstubs null
oledragdrop null
nodester an open source Node.JS Platform-as-a-Service.
nom a parser combinators library written in Rust.
nonclient-area where the window decorations are rendered such as the caption and the frame.
plato a Javascript code complexity analyzer.
skip-take null
time-travel null
mockgoose Mockgoose helps with testing Mongoose applications by spinning up a mock in-memory database.
grunt-ember-templates a grunt.js plugin that precompiles handlebars.js templates and places them into the Ember.TEMPLATES array which is used by Ember.js to store compiled templates.
exprtk Tag for the C++ Mathematical Expression Library at http://www.partow.net/programming/exprtk/index.html
extension-builder3 null
external-contenttype the backbone of all Business Connectivity Service solutions
coledatetime null
smtps an extension of SMTP to secure connections with the use of SSL or TLS.
android-sound null
tools-for-apache-cordova null
innobackupex A Perl script that acts as a wrapper for the xtrabackup C program
ckmodifyrecordsoperation null
classview null
classloading null
clbeacon null
clcircularregion null
phpize A tool to prepare a PHP extension for compiling
phpmqtt a simple php class to connect/publish/subscribe to a MQTT broker
php-mode null
phplot a chart library for PHP
geoapi null
ls2j part of IBM Notes Domino Designer and is an interface which allows LotusScript to create and handle Java objects as if they are native to the LotusScript environment.
concatenative-language those in which function composition is expressed as juxtaposition, are point-free, and all expressions denote functions
concatmap a function from RxJava library, which returns a new Observable that emits items resulting from applying a function that you supply to each item emitted by the source Observable, where tha…
ltk null
lua-lanes a Lua extension library providing the possibility to run multiple Lua states in parallel.
duplicity-backup null
mdboostrap A Material Design UI kit for Bootstrap 4.
mdriven a modeling tool which also allows simulation.
libnice an implementation of the IETF's Interactive Connectivity Establishment standard and the Session Traversal Utilities for NAT standard
global-filter null
glide-golang a package manager for Go that is conceptually similar to package managers for other languages such as Cargo for Rust, NPM for Node.js, Pip for Python, Bundler for Ruby, and so forth.
glassfish-5 the reference Java EE 8 application server.
libfaac an open source, cross platform, AAC encoder
sonarqube-4.0 the SonarQube 4.0.x specific tag
contextual-binding null
awtutilities null
splunk-calculation null
splitpanel null
splitactionbar null
dotnetcharting a commercial charting solution for the .Net framework, developed and maintained by Corporate Web Solutions Ltd., based in Vancouver, Canada.
nativescript-cli null
navigator-ios null
spike In the Scrum agile software development framework, a Spike is a time boxed period used to research a concept and/or create a simple prototype.
spinnaker-halyard the tool responsible for managing your Spinnaker deployment’s lifecycle
flashmedialiveencoder Adobe Flash Media Live Encoder a free live encoding software product
find-util The standard Unix utility named `find` for walking file hierarchies in order to find or process files.
fallbackvalue null
freestanding an implementation that can work without an operating system, and has an implementation-defined set of libraries
freemat a free environment for rapid engineering and scientific prototyping and data processing
fresnel null
fuzz-testing null
funcunit a free, open-source web-application testing framework that uses a jQuery-like syntax for its API
funkload a functional and load web tester, written in Python
free-function null
formsy-react A form input builder and validator for React JS.
fluentscheduler .NET task scheduler with fluent interface that runs automated jobs.
fluid-mac-app-engine an engine for turning web sites into Mac applications.
foregroundnotification The operating system notifies an app whenever it moves between the foreground and background
flir null
eclipse-rcptt for questions about the Eclipse RCP Testing Tool .
drupal-zen a well-known Drupal base theme used as a starting point for many custom themes.
drwatson a debugger that is included with Windows
event-flow null
evc4 null
exif-js JavaScript library for reading EXIF image metadata
expect.pm Expect.pm - Expect for Perl
ember-query-params null
epd-python A Python-based tool for desktop application analysis and distribution of Python.
grails-maven Maven plugin for Grails.
gradientdrawable null
gradle-android-test-plugi null
guppy a Python programming environment providing object and heap memory sizing, profiling and analysis.
gulp-changed a gulp plugin allowing to process only changed file.
gulp-minify null
gulp-if a gulp plugin for conditional control of the flow of vinyl objects.
grunt-contrib-coffee Compile CoffeeScript files to JavaScript.
gmsgroundoverlay null
gmongo A more simple, easy to use and less verbose API to work with mongodb using the Groovy programming language
gnucash personal and small-business financial-accounting software, freely licensed under the GNU GPL and available for GNU/Linux, BSD, Solaris, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows
gesturelistener null
getfileversion null
git-fsck A git command line tool that verifies the connectivity and validity of the objects in the database
getschematable The SqlDataReader.GetSchemaTable method returns a DataTable that describes the column metadata of the SqlDataReader.
github-services null
git-mv a git command that is used to move or rename a file, a directory, or a symlink
installshield-2008 a software tool for creating installers or software packages
icns Apple Icon Image format
iesi-collections null
igbinary null
ibm-wdt WebSphere Application Server Developer Tools for Eclipse is a subset of Rational Application Developer plug-ins for WAS.
imovie null
hashrocket The `=>` symbol for building hash literals in Perl and Ruby.
hashtree null
hashcat should be used with questions about using, debugging, optimizing, or otherwise involving hashcat, a password recovery tool
heatmaply an actively maintained open-source heatmap package for R, based upon the plotly R and JavaScript libraries.
holoeverywhere Bringing Holo Theme from Android 4.1 to 2.1 and above.
hkobserverquery null
hiqpdf HTML to PDF Converter for .NET
hipe HiPE stands for High-Performance Erlang
ibm-installation-manager null
ibm-ifs a storage component in OS/400.
mwe Modeling Workflow Engine
mysql-function null
mysql-logic null
multi-mapping null
mutual-friendship for questions regarding mutual friendship in a Social Networking Service sense, whether implementing one's own or using a third-party service's API.
neos-server The NEOS Server is a free Internet-based service for solving optimization problems.
nested-documents null
nested-map null
networkstatsmanager null
network-driver null
newlisp an Open Source scripting language in the Lisp family of programming languages developed by Lutz Mueller and released under the GNU General Public License.
oauth2-server null
nsurldownload NSURLDownload provides an application the ability to download the contents of a URL directly to disk
nsxmlparserdelegate null
nothrow null
nsgradient The NSGradient class provides support for drawing gradient fill colors, also known as shadings in Quartz
nsfastenumeration The fast enumeration protocol NSFastEnumeration must be adopted and implemented by objects used in conjunction with the for language construct used in conjunction with Cocoa objects.
nlohmann-json for questions related to nlohmann JSON C++ library
mormot an Open Source Client-Server ORM SOA MVC framework for Delphi 6 up to Delphi 10 Seattle and FPC, targeting Windows/Linux for servers, and any platform for clients
modx-getresources an extra for MODX Revolution CMS
mlabwrap null
moa stream mining toolbox
mod-speling a module for the Apache web server
mod-pywebsocket WebSocket extension for Apache HTTP Server, mod_pywebsocket, from the pywebsocket project.
module-build null
massivejs null
manifold a geographic information system software package with support for vector and raster data, spatial SQL, a built-in Internet Map Server , and general programming
methodbase null
mellanox null
jquery-rails null
jurassic an implementation of the ECMAScript language and runtime
juniper null
jsondecoder should be used for `JSONDecoder` questions for decoding JSON decoder on Apple platforms.
json-query Extracts an object or an array from a JSON string
jflap software for experimenting with formal languages topics including nondeterministic finite automata, nondeterministic pushdown automata, multi-tape Turing machines, several types of grammars, …
joox jOOX stands for Java Object Oriented XML
jpf a highly customizable execution environment for verification of Java bytecode programs
jquery-lint a debugging script that reports errors in the use of jQuery -- at runtime
isolation-frameworks a unit testing framework with a special ability to isolate the dependent code.
jasmine-spec-reporter Real time console spec reporter for jasmine behavior-driven development testing framework.
jaxer A deprecated open source JavaScript web server
jbchartview JBChartView - Jawbone's iOS-based charting library for both line and bar graphs
javascript-inheritance null
java-security-manager null
magazine null
loose-typing null
lync-server-2013 a real-time communications software that offers instant messaging , presence, conferencing, and telephony solutions that can support enterprise-level collaboration re…
lwuit-dialog null
lorem-ipsum a standard piece of meaningless pseudo-Latin text used to fill in text layouts when the actual text is not available.
liquid-xml for questions relating to Liquid XML Studio, questions with this tag are actively monitored and answered by the Liquid support team, Liquid XML is a graphical XML Editor, Data Mapper and …
linkurious A Javascript toolkit to speed up the development of graph visualization and interaction applications.
knockout-es5-plugin a plugin for Knockout.js that lets us use simpler and more natural syntax in model code and bindings.
kontakt.io null
leaf For questions regarding the Leaf templating language that is used with the Vapor web framework
laravel-environment Setting up Laravel environments and using .env files in Laravel
leda a C++ library of efficient data types and algorithms.
leftalign Left alignment refers to the left positioning of a visual element in a GUI.
lesscss-resources null
libstrophe libstrophe - An XMPP library for C
circusd a Python program that will let you run and watch multiple processes and sockets.
cloudmailin a service to enable your app to handle incoming mails sent to a particular email address.
client-dependency a library for managing CSS & JavaScript dependencies and optimization in ASP.Net
cfbundledocumenttypes The CFBundleDocumentTypes key contains an array of dictionaries, each of which identifies information about a specific document type.
cmdline-args null
c-mode null
caeagllayer null
embedded-control null
baidu-map null
barman an open-source administration tool for disaster recovery of PostgreSQL servers written in Python.
bit-fiddling Doing operations on individual bits or pieces of data shorter than a word, usually in name of efficiency and with a cost in clarity
biwavelet an `R` package used to perform univariate and bivariate wavelet analyses
biztalk-2006 BizTalk Server enables companies to automate business processes, through the use of adapters which are tailored to communicate with different software systems used in an enterpri…
boolean-search null
carekit Apple's framework that includes core modules for developing apps that help people better understand and manage their health
careplicatorlayer The CAReplicatorLayer class creates a specified number of copies of its sublayers , each copy potentially having geometric, temporal and color transformations applied to it.
c-ares null
buddy.com Buddy provides a scalable cloud-based backend for app developers.
bypass null
business-application Software critical to the running of a business.
deck.js a Javascript library for creating presentations using HTML, CSS and Javascript.
delay-load null
delegating-constructor a C++11 feature that allows a class constructor to delegate to another of its constructors in its initializer-list, much like it can call base class constructors.
delta-index null
data-controls null
database-tools null
datatable-buttons Refers to use of the jQuery DataTables Buttons extension.
datawedge DataWedge provides a convenient mechanism for non-scanning aware applications to receive data from embedded or connected data capture devices
django-webtest null
dmake a make utility similar to GNU make or the Workshop dmake
dllplugin null
doxygen-addtogroup null
dpinst a component of Driver Install Frameworks
dolphin-smalltalk A Windows based Smalltalk from Object Arts http://object-arts.com now open-sourced
cylon.js a JavaScript framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things
cypher-3.1 null
cross-window-scripting null
cryptico an attempt to implement
cptbarplot null
content-model null
coq-extraction null
execution-api a REST interface that lets a third-party application call a function defined in an Apps Script project and receive a response
exception-safe null
excel-2002 is used for referencing the Excel Version 2002 spreadsheet application from Microsoft
combinatory-logic a model of computation equivalent to the lambda calculus, but without abstraction.
combinelatest null
confuserex null
config.json a JSON file that stores the main settings and configuration for ASP.NET 5 applications
powergrep a Windows tool which allows for searching for files using regex expressions, similar in functionality to linux grep, but with an advanced GUI
postgresql-8.1 Questions specific to version 8.1 of the widely-used PostgreSQL relational database system
sharefile a secure content collaboration and file sharing solution, oriented at businesses.
postcss-import null
sharepoint-listtemplate null
shared-file null
aleph a Clojure framework for asynchronous communication, built on top of Netty and Lamina.
adyen in questions related to Adyen payment gateway.
afbedsheet BedSheet provides a rich middleware mechanism for routing and delivering content over HTTP; a Web Application Framework for the Fantom programming language.
ada2012 the current standard of the Ada programming language.
adornerdecorator null
analytics-for-hadoop IBM Bluemix 'Analytics for Apache Hadoop' service.
anchor-cms a lightweight blog system
alias-method-chain null
amazon-workmail a secure, managed business email and calendar service with a web client and limited support for existing desktop and mobile email client applications.
amibroker a financial software for portfolio-level system design, testing and validation
amo The initials from addons.mozilla.org
asp.net-mail null
associative-table null
arena-simulation a discrete event simulation software.
avoriaz null
avro4s Scala avro schema generation and serialization/deserialization
awql a SQL-like language for performing queries against most common AdWords API services
atlasboard a free tool created by Atlassian for creating -- live-updating, scalable dashboards monitoring various things.
async-onprogressupdate null
aurelia-bundling null
apache-falcon Apache Falcon - Feed management and data processing platform
appicon null
apple-live-photos null
araxis a company that produces a commercial diff/merge tool for Windows and OS X.
android-ndk-r4 The Android Native Development Kit enables users to call C/C++ code from their applications running in the Dalvik Virtual Machine
qvt a standard set of languages for model transformation defined by the Object Management Group.
overtone An open source live coding audio environment
overlay-view null
quickbuild null
quilt a tool to manage large sets of patches by keeping track of the changes each patch makes
alphabetic null
agens-graph a graph database based-on PostgreSQL
agentset null
gcc4.6 Version 4.6 of GCC
gcc-pedantic The pedantic option to gcc to forces ANSI-compatibility of code.
akismet a web service that helps prevent spam comments on your web site.
gamesalad GameSalad streamlines the process of designing and publishing games by eliminating the need to learn a programming language.
gameclosure a JavaScript development kit for creating HTML5 games.
cfftp Acronym for ColdFusion's built in FTP client
uss reported as the USS .
uu-parsinglib a Haskell : https://hackage.haskell.org/package/uu-parsinglib…
uv4l null
surface-controller an MVC controller that interacts with the front-end of Umbraco.
mercurial-keyring The Mercurial Keyring extension uses services of the keyring library to securely save authentication passwords using system specific password database
passcode null
ora-12899 ORA-12899 Error value too large for the column
ora-01858 ORA-01858: a non-numeric character was found where a numeric was expected
cgpdfscanner null
optionsettype null
cflocation CFML tag, which stops execution of the current page and opens a ColdFusion page or HTML file.
metric-fu A Ruby gem to display metrics from various static code analyzers.
micro-architecture null
microsoft-cdn null
efpocoadapter null
microsoft-expression null
kahadb null
kallithea a GPLv3'd, Free Software source code management system that supports Mercurial and Git.
surveyor-gem A gem for building surveys - a series of questions and answers - with complex answer types.
itsm IT service management is a discipline for managing information technology systems, philosophically centered on the customer's perspective of IT's contribution to the busines…
izpanel null
j1939 the recommended practice used for communication and diagnostics among vehicle components
katta null
eglfs null
buildmanager null
build-rules null
build-target null
cfnetworking null
cfwindow introduced in ColdFusion 8.
mercurial-revsets a domain-specific language that allows users to specify custom sets of changesets
messageboard null
messageid null
suppressfinalize This method sets a bit in the object header of obj, which the runtime checks when calling finalizers
superblock null
cfinvoke Invokes a component method from within a ColdFusion page or component.
validate.js Questions about validate.js, a JavaScript library containing several useful functions for validating Objects.
digital-analog-converter Anything related to digital-to-analog converters
dict-comprehension null
dhc designed and developed by developers for developers to make direct HTTP/REST resource discovery, manipulation and automated API testing easier.
gambas an object-oriented dialect of the BASIC programming language as well as the integrated development environment that accompanies it.
gasp Graphics API for Students of Python is a procedural graphics library for beginning programmers.
air2 null
custom-url-protocol null
altium-designer the central nervous system for every electronic product.
quicksilver null
qxmlquery null
owin-security null
qwizard should be used for questions about the QWizard class of the Qt library
andromda a framework for creating components from case-models
arangodb-php ArangoDB-PHP - A PHP client for ArangoDB
aps Anything related to the Application Package Standard , which was founded by Parallels as a standard to package and distribute applications for hosting by cloud service providers.
awesome-nested-set null
avatar-generation null
arc-lisp a Lisp dialect designed by Paul Graham and Robert Morris and gained significant attention when it was claimed to be a programming language
asternet an open source .NET framework for Asterisk AMI and FastAGI
asp.net-mvc-layout null
alignas an attribute introduced in C++11, which informs the compiler that the attributed object shall have a certain memory alignment
allauth null
amp-analytics null
android-data-usage null
active-users null
aegir Aegir allows to deploy and manage many Drupal sites, and can scale across multiple server clusters.
aero-snap null
shakespeare-text a Haskell library to generate text with interpolated variables
elassandra Elassandra = Elasticsearch as a Cassandra secondary index
sharejs Live concurrent editing in your app
sharepoint2010-bcs SharePoint2010-BCS refers to Business Connectivity Services in SharePoint Server 2010
postgrex For questions related to PostgreSQL driver for Elixir.
.net-services A .NET component that resides on a Web server and provides information and services to other network applications using standard Web protocols such as HTTP and SOAP
2-3-tree A tree where every node with children has either two children and one data element or three children and two data elements.
.refresh Function of updating the display on a screen.
acrcloud a comprehensive automatic content recognition platform with audio fingerprinting technology
conditional-attribute null
container-registry null
compileassemblyfromsource In .NET this method compiles an assembly from the specified array of strings containing source code, using the specified compiler settings.
ember-cp-validations null
executestorequery null
code-intelligence the autocomplete system used in Komodo IDE, Komodo Edit, and SublimeText.
codepad an online compiler/interpreter, and a simple collaboration tool.
cordova-2.7.0 a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
contentproperty null
cordova-sqlite-storage null
createdibsection null
cspack null
currencymanager null
domain-aliasing null
document-versioning null
douglas-peucker An algorithm for reducing the number of points in a curve that is approximated by a series of points
django-datatable a base view for handling server side processing for the awesome datatables
devextreme-angular null
dexopt The Android system tool for Optimizing and Verifying applications
directory-server null
datarowcollection Represents a collection of rows for a DataTable in applications.
dataflex a database RAD tool for developing Windows and web applications
dagger-android null
delphi-mocks an open source mocking framework for Delphi XE2 or later versions.
dets null
dcraw an open-source computer program which is able to read numerous raw image formats, typically produced by high-end digital cameras.
dd4t DD4T is a light-weight framework which links Tridion to your MVC web application architecture
busy-loop null
browser-close null
bounding-volume null
cardscrollview CardScrollView creates a view that shows a horizontally scrolling list of views, referred to as cards.
car-analogy null
calloutview null
boomerang Questions about the boomerang JavaScript library to measure real user perceived page load time.
bluno first of its kind in integrating Bluetooth 4.0 module into Arduino Uno
bareword intended for questions related to parsing behavior which involves words which are neither language keywords, delimited by quotes, nor prefixed by tokens reserved for variables.
bandpass-filter null
barbecue an open-source, Java library that provides the means to create barcodes for printing and display in Java applications
azure-mobile-engagement Drive app performance through real-time, data-driven management.
email-formats null
cag null
whois-ruby An intelligent — pure Ruby — WHOIS client and parser.
wepay WePay provides APIs to process payments, and more
cmultifileupload Yii framework class that generates a file input that can allow uploading multiple files at a time.
coco2d-x null
polymodel null
cfdictionary CFDictionary and its derived mutable type, CFMutableDictionary Reference, manage associations of key-value pairs.
cassini-dev to provide an open platform for developing a robust ASP.Net web server implementation that addresses many of the limitations and difficulties encountered when usi…
cds the implementation of the general CDS concept for AS ABAP
celleditingtemplate null
circleimage null
citrix-access-gateway null
churn Code churn measures quantify how much change is occurring in your project.
cifacefeature a class in Apple's IOS
libsox an audio file-format and effects library.
libselinux the SELinux runtime shared libraries.
lexicographic-ordering null
kooboo a developer-friendly CMS that builds on top of ASP.NET MVC.
linux-x32-abi 64-bit code with 32-bit pointers
lifx a WiFi enabled LED that's controllable via smart devices.
lisp-2 lisp-2 refers to Lisp-like languages with two different namespaces for variables and function names.
loadmask null
loupe null
loopingselector null
mac-dashboard-widget null
java-synthetic-methods null
javax.activation null
jazzy a command-line utility that generates documentation for Swift or Objective-C.
jekyll-theme the native way to use templates and styles to customize a Jekyll site presentation.
jemmyfx JemmyFX provides an API for testing JavaFX user interface in your application
jautodoc null
jaudiotagger null
jackson-module-scala null
ispeech text-to-speech and speech recognition solution provided by iSpeech.org, with SDKs for iPhone, Android, BlackBerry, Java, JavaScript, .NET, PHP and other platforms or programming languages.
iso-image an archive file, also known as a disc image of an optical disc, composed of the data contents of every written sector of an optical disc, including the optical disc file system.
iroutehandler null
irrklang a powerful high level API for playing back sound in 3D and 2D applications like games, scientific visualizations and multimedia applications
intero Intero provides Haskell IDE support for Emacs and Neovim
ios10.3.2 null
jquery-mobile-fieldset null
jpegtran The command-line program jpegtran provides several features for reformatting and recoding the representation of the DCT coefficients, for transformation of actual image data and for discarding auxilia…
jpeg-xr Questions related to JPEG XR, a still image compression standard and file format for continuous tone photographic images, based on technology originally developed and patented by Microsoft under the n…
jpanelmenu a jQuery plugin that creates a paneled-style menu .
jopendocument a free pure Java library for developers looking to use, create and manipulate Open Document files without OpenOffice.org.
jotm an open source JTA transaction manager.
jenkins-mstest null
junos-automation a tag created for questions which may fall under the automation category of Junos
justin.tv null
mdadm The Linux software RAID management tool
meio-upload null
methodaccessexception null
metawidget a smart User Interface widget that populates itself, either statically or at runtime, with UI components to match the properties of your business objects.
microstation a Bentley trademark and provides not only for GIS graphical tools but has a wide range of products that have a large footprint in GIS and related areas
manageiq ManageIQ allows users to manage containers, virtual machines, networks, and storage from a single platform.
math-functions null
mod-lua New Apache server module which provides Lua hooks into various portions of the httpd request processing
mlton an open source, whole-program optimizing compiler for the Standard ML programming language.
mm7 null
mincemeat a Python implementation of the MapReduce framework.
monix a library providing asynchronous programming facilities for Scala and Scala.js.
monologue a basic mountable blogging engine.
mrv2 Next Generation MapReduce Architecture.
nmock2 null
nservicebus6 null
nook-tablet General purpose multimedia tablet marketed by Barnes and Noble
nsviewanimation The NSViewAnimation class, a public subclass of NSAnimation, offers a convenient way to animate multiple views and windows
nsincrementalstore null
nslayoutanchor null
neura Use for programming or development Android questions related to NeuraSdk
nested-groups null
nameko Python framework for building microservices
mvcminiprofiler null
multipart-alternative null
multipartconfig null
ibm-cloud-storage IBM offers object storage, block storage and other storage types as cloud service
http-status-code-412 HTTP Status Code 412 Precondition Failed occurs when the client sends a precondition to serving the content that does not meet expectations.
http-request2 a rewrite of HTTP_Request in PHP5 and makes it easier for PHP applications to perform HTTP requests.
html5-input-number null
hirb A mini view framework for console/irb that's easy to use, even while under its influence
hinstance a name given to a Handler instance in Window application
help-files null
immediate-attribute In JSF , the tags have an attribute called immediate
ibm-rad-7.5 null
iconic a svg icon font with bootstrap / foundation integration.
inspections null
input-method-kit Input Method Kit Framework for Mac OS X
impredicativetypes A rarely-used GHC type system extension that allows quantifiers to appear anywhere in a type.
imposition null
getpwuid getpwuid - UNIX/POSIX function to get the password file entry for a user ID
getpass Many programs that interact with the user via the terminal need to ask the user for password values without showing what the user types on the screen
getclientrect null
go-back-n a specific instance of the automatic repeat request protocol, in which the sending process continues to send a number of frames specified by a window size even without receiving…
gnu-sort Utility to sort text files
googlecontactsapi null
grunt-build-control Automate version control tasks for your project's built code.
groupme For questions about using the API for the GroupMe chat platform.
gulp-shell a command line interface for gulp.
grakn a distributed hyper-relational database for knowledge-oriented systems
gradle-tooling-api The tooling Api operates in a version independent way
groovyfx a Groovy binding for JavaFX 2.0.
graphengine A versatile general-purpose computation engine, graphengine provides a unified declarative language for both data modeling and message passing with many built-in features.
ephesoft Ephesoft Solution API
embperl a framework for building websites with Perl.
emf-compare an Eclipse plug-in that provides model comparison support for the Eclipse Modeling Framework
ember-select The Ember.Select view class renders a select HTML element, allowing the user to choose from a list of options.
executionexception null
event-queue null
dsymutil null
ecpg ECPG - Embedded SQL in C for PostgreSQL
ecmascript-3 the name of the Ecma International Standard 262
elastislide a responsive image carousel that will adapt fluidly in a layout
forerunnerdb a NoSQL database for browsers and Node.js and allows you to CRUD your data client-side with the same query language as MongoDB.
fluidsynth null
function-coverage Functional coverage measures the amount of functionality of a design that has been exercised in testing .
frida null
freefem++ a programming language and a software focused in solving partial differential equations using the finite element method.
facebook-account-kit Account Kit lets people quickly register for and login to your app by using just their phone number or email address — no password needed
f#-charting The F# Charting library is a compositional library for creating charts from F#.
f#-4.0 null
fandjango Fandjango makes it really easy to create Facebook applications with Django
felix-dependency-manager The Dependency Manager provides a compact and versatile Java API that allows you to declaratively and programmatically register, acquire, and manage dynamic OSGi components.
flanneld a control plane deamon of flannel , an etcd backed network fabric for containers
fizzler A .NET library to select items from a node tree based on a CSS selector.
fieldmanager null
speedment a Stream ORM Java Toolkit
speculative-execution null
spectre For questions regarding Spectre security vulnerability.
naudio-framework null
ndjson a newline delimited JSON format.
impromptu-interface a framework for .net that uses the DLR's api, normally hidden by the compiler, for meta programming purposes such as adding interfaces at runtime.
imsl null
mysql-error-1071 Error 1071: Specified key was too long; max key length is # bytes
mysql-error-1075 MySQL Error 1075: Incorrect table definition; there can be only one auto column and it must be defined as a key.
titanium-widgets self-contained components that can be easily dropped into Alloy-powered Titanium projects.
mysqldumpslow Mysqldumpslow parses MySQL slow query log files and prints a summary of their contents.
spir-v null
shrinkresources null
bind2nd The deprecated C++ function template std::bind2nd generates an unary function object from a binary function object by fixing the second parameter.
3scale an API Infrastructure service which handles API Keys, Rate Limiting, Analytics, Billing Payments and Developer Management.
sortable-tables null
sortcomparefunction null
sonar-plugin null
globus-toolkit null
glossaries null
absinthe For issues relating to the Absinthe GraphQL implementation for Elixir.
aaa-security-protocol In computer security, AAA commonly stands for authentication, authorization and accounting.
luaxml A simple XML library for Lua
lsyncd For use with the `lsyncd` file-synchronization tool.
luafilesystem a Lua library developed to complement the set of functions related to file systems offered by the standard Lua distribution.
lr1 a type of bottom-up parsers that efficiently handle deterministic context-free languages in guaranteed linear time
lpstr null
compositionroot a pattern coined by Marc Seemann in his book
class-attribute null
inline-scripting null
topcoat an open source CSS library designed to help developers build web apps with an emphasis on speed.
toolstripcombobox a version of ComboBox that is hosted in a ToolStrip
coexistence null
aspect-fit null
asp-net-mvc-1 the original version of Microsofts MVC framework
aspnetcoretemplatepack around the use of the Microsoft ASP.NET Core Template Pack
snowballanalyzer ElasticSearch analyzer of type snowball that uses the standard tokenizer, with standard filter, lowercase filter, stop filter, and snowball filter.
smss Session Manager Subsystem
externalizing null
grunt-ngdocs null
grunt-init a plugin converted from the task in grunt.
mobilefirst-mtw null
mobileserviceclient null
android-gradle-2.2 null
mod-auth-kerb an Apache module designed to provide Kerberos authentication to the Apache web server.
placeautocompletefragment null
omniauth-linkedin LinkedIn OAuth2 strategy for OmniAuth.
offline.js a library to automatically alert your users when they've lost internet connectivity, like Gmail
ssas-2016 null
easyrdf For questions related to EasyRDF, a PHP library for RDF.
ebxml a set of XML-based specification for business transactions over the internet.
ecdh null
easyapache-4 null
eclipse-api null
iasyncoperation Windows Foundation interface representing an asynchronous operation.
hwid Short for Hardware Identification, a security measure used by Microsoft upon the activation of the Windows operating system.
hyperbolic-function null
moss2007enterprisesearch null
mosh a remote terminal application that allows roaming, supports intermittent connectivity, and provides intelligent local echo and line editing of user keystrokes.
fpml FpML is an XML message standard.
sectionedrecyclerviewadapter An Android adapter that allows a RecyclerView to be split into Sections with headers and/or footers.
weblogic-maven-plugin A maven plugin which provides deployment facilities for Java applications on Oracle Weblogic server.
webpart-connection null
numeric-input For all questions related to getting numeric data entry from users.
number-to-currency null
rubberduck an open-source COM add-in project for the VBA IDE written in C#
flask-flatpages Flask-FlatPages provides a collections of pages to the Flask application.
flask-babel an extension to Flask that adds i18n and l10n support to any Flask application.
greasekit a SIMBL plugin, that adds user scripting to Safari, Mailplane, Diet Pibb.app and all WebKit applications.
uibackgroundmode null
kigg a Web 2.0 style social news web application developed in Microsoft supported technologies.
kibana-3 null
mailaddress For questions about the MailAddress class in .NET - used for emailing.
identity-experience-framework A feature of Microsoft's Azure Active Directory Business-to-Consumer service that allows for detailed customization of user sign-up and authentication processes through creation and upload of xml conf…
multitasking-gestures null
multiprocessing-manager null
google-ios-vision null
jqote a templating library available in Javascript.
spring-integration-aws Spring Integration Extension for Amazon Web Services.
spring-lemon a library containing the essential configurations and code needed for developing REST APIs using Spring Framework and Spring Boot.
spring-jersey null
javapolicy null
javafx-tableview null
nowdoc null
control-template null
dbisam an embeddable relational database mainly geared to Delphi and C++Builder application developers.
daypilot-scheduler null
autoquery-servicestack null
vram shortcut for Video Random Access Memory, It is memory specially dedicated to store and represent visual data.
vsct Visual Studio Command Table
vshost32 null
autopep8 null
automatic-failover for questions related to Automatic failover, which is supported only in database mirroring sessions.
facebook-widgets null
ctr-mode a mode of operation for block ciphers where a nonce and counter are encrypted together by the block cipher and the result is XORed with the plaintext
cube-dimension a structural attribute of a Cube that is a list of related names–known as Members–all of which belong to a similar category in the user’s perception of a data.
cua-mode Emacs Cua-mode allows one to use ‘C-v’, ‘C-c’, and ‘C-x’ to paste, copy, and cut the region.
scala-2.7 For issues relating to development with Scala, version 2.7.
design-rationale null
dnlib a library that can read, write and create .NET assemblies and modules.
desktop-recording null
reporting-services-map From MSDN,
ilookup null
bcolz a Python package providing high-performance numpy style access to data stored in arrays or tables backed by either memory or disk.
minoccurs null
miranda a pure, non-strict, polymorphic, higher order functional programming language.
anormcypher a Scala library for Neo4j which provides an API to use Cypher based on Anorm in the Play Framework.
antlrworks2 a parser generator for reading, processing, executing, or translating structured text or binary files.
livedocx null
listlabel a reporting tool for developers to enable the design and print of reports in Microsoft Windows applications.
llvm-4.0 a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies
file-globs null
file-connection null
hadoopy a Python wrapper for Hadoop Streaming written in Cython.It's simple and fast.Hadoopy allows us to execute hadoop map-reduce and streaming python scripts.It provides similar interface as Had…
gwt-visualization null
turbojpeg a high-level API for the libjpeg-turbo library.
turn-by-turn null
tutum the Docker Platform for Dev and Ops
jdeps The Java Dependency Analysis Tool introduced in JDK 8, which provides information on what dependencies are used in a jar.
jconfirm a `jQuery` plugin to make pretty confirmation boxes.
jbox a jQuery plugin that makes it easy to create customizable tooltips, modal windows, image galleries and more.
wcf-rest-starter-kit null
ultratree Tree control provided by Infragistics
hierarchical-bayesian Hierarchical Bayesian models specify statistical priors on parameters and hyperpriors on the parameters of the prior distributions.
objectivezip null
moloquent Moloquent ia a MongoDB based Eloquent model and Query builder for Laravel
mojo-sdk SDK for development of webOS 1.x and 2.x apps using JavaScript and HTML.
mongify a data translator system for moving SQL data to MongoDB.
object-fit The object-fit CSS property specifies how the contents of a replaced element should be fitted to the box established by its used height and width.
swish a micropayment system in Sweden
escalation null
esri-oss for esri open source software, projects, and tools
zopim null
zpanel a free control panel for managing Windows-based and POSIX-based web hosting servers.
error-console null
error-messages-for A Ruby on Rails 1.x/2.x method to build an error message corresponding to an attempted operation
zfdatagrid a Zend Framework component that allows you to create data grids from various sources.
deftjs Dependency Injection and other essential extensions for enterprise web and mobile application development with ExtJS and Sencha Touch.
nspreferencepane null
xmlbeans-maven-plugin The plugin that allows for XMLBean generation within a Maven build.
ximea a company that produces high-end cameras used for high-speed, x-ray, and hyperspectral imaging applications
xgoogle A python library for doing search on Google.
drupal-distributions full copies of Drupal that include Drupal Core, along with additional software such as themes, modules, libraries, and installation profiles.
drupal-domain-access a module for running a group of affiliated sites from one Drupal installation and a single shared database.
openbadge Mozilla's Open Badges make it easy for anyone to issue, earn and display badges across the web through a shared infrastructure that's free and open to all.
stretchblt The StretchBlt function copies a bitmap from a source rectangle into a destination rectangle, stretching or compressing the bitmap to fit the dimensions of the destination rectangle, if necessary
string.xml null
streamline Questions regarding ARM DS-5 Streamline performance analysis tool.
cheminformatics Cheminformatics is the use of computer and informational techniques applied to a range of problems in the field of chemistry.
tabris-js a mobile framework that lets you develop native iOS and Android apps from a single code base written entirely in JavaScript.
chef-vault Gem that allows you to encrypt a Chef Data Bag Item using the public keys of a list of chef nodes.
pyq PyQ provides seamless integration of Python and Q code.
r-doredis R doRedis package: parallel computation in R using Redis server database and the foreach %dopar% construct.
rdebug null
tangible-t4-editor a Text Template Transformation Toolkit editor for Visual Studio.
tagged-templates null
rx-kotlin2 a lightweight library that adds convenient extension functions to RxJava
activerelation null
applicationwindow null
appsource a destination for business users to discover, try, and manage line-of-business SaaS applications .
activation-record null
actionhero a multi-transport API Server with integrated cluster capabilities and delayed tasks.
perwebrequest null
osmand Global Mobile Map Viewing and Navigation for Online and Offline OSM Maps
oscache null
originlab a software application for data analysis and publication-quality graphing, tailored to the needs of scientists and engineers
application-framework null
matlabcontrol a Java API that allows for calling MATLAB from Java.
angularjs-events null
angularjs-authentication null
maven-mojo a Maven plain Old Java Object
jms2 Version 2 of the Java Messaging Service and component of JAVA EE 7
restlet-2.3.1 null
rethinkdb-ruby Ruby driver for RethinkDB
google-ajax-libraries null
uploadstring null
upvar null
urchin a web statistics analysis program, now owned by Google and a predecessor of Google Analytics
urlscan null
type-synonyms null
typerex a set of development tools for OCaml, designed to create a full-featured IDE
pdf2htmlex pdf2htmlEX renders PDF files in HTML, utilizing modern Web technologies
pdftex null
pdo-odbc a driver that implements the PHP Data Objects interface to enable access from PHP to databases through ODBC drivers or through the IBM DB2 Call Level Interface library
pegkit an open source library written in Objective-C
mark-and-sweep an algorithm used for garbage collection
reddot Enterprise content management system provided by OpenText
redhat-bpm For development issues encountered while using Red Hat JBoss BPM Suite
pandoc-citeproc Pandoc filter and Haskell library for working with bibliographies.
audioclip null
audiobufferlist null
serviceinstall null
service-operations null
firefox-sidebar null
firefox-android null
iplots Is a package for the R that offers a wide variety of plots, including histograms, barcharts, scatterplots, boxplots, fluctuation diagrams, parallel coordinates plots and spineplots
iphone-sdk-4.0.1 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 4.0.1
iphone-accessory null
hsc2hs used to write Haskell interfaces to C code
htc-hero a smart phone that runs on Android
windows-live-mail an Outlook look-a-like to view and manage emails
fauxton the new user interface for CouchDB 2.X.X
httpfilecollection ASP.Net class to receive multiple file uploads from the browser
pushover a simple push notification service that integrates easily into web apps like IFTTT, network monitoring systems like Nagios, shell scripts, servers, and anything else that needs to send ale…
purifycss null
publisher-policy null
query-variables inline-declared variables within a SQL statement.
test-and-set null
rails-administrate null
translators null
qcubed a PHP framework for rapid web development
pytube For issues relating to the pytube Python library.
canvas3d Canvas3D class provides a drawing canvas for 3D rendering in Java under the Abtract Window Toolkit
canoo a provider for business web solutions
camus LinkedIn's Kafka to HDFS pipeline
irix the UNIX System V operating system produced by Silicon Graphics Inc.
styleswitching null
vbcodeprovider A .NET Framework Class that provides access to instances of the Visual Basic code generator and code compiler.
iodocs a live interactive documentation system for RESTful web APIs
qstatusbar The QStatusBar class provides a horizontal bar suitable for presenting status information.
dismo an R package for species distribution modeling, focusing on predicting entire geographic distributions form species occurrence data and environmental data.
discrete-space null
x86-emulation null
linfu a framework that adds mixins, inversion of control, DbC, and other language features to the Common Language Runtime.
proficy a licensed software from GE
azul-zulu Built and distributed by Azul Systems, Zulu is a JDK , and a compliant implementation of the Java Standard Edition 7 specification
anguarjs-digest-cycle null
react-native-drawer null
django-parler Simple Django model translation
django-hstore a niche library which integrates the hstore extension of PostgreSQL into Django
django-generic-relations null
django-excel based on pyexcel and makes it easy to consume/produce information stored in excel files over HTTP protocol.
codecharge null
codebird null
code.org a non-profit organization website that aims to encourage people to learn computer science.
blackfin a family of 16- or 32-bit microprocessors developed, manufactured and marketed by Analog Devices
front-end-optimization the process of optimizing the delivery of website resources from the client side.
provider-model null
netadvantage null
net null
rhino-esb null
r-forge one of several non-CRAN source repositories
fselector an R package that finds the most informative attributes in a data set with respect to a classification target.
jsr172 JSR 172 - J2ME Web Services API specification
zend-session-namespace null
yui-uploader null
youtube-reporting-api The YouTube Reporting API supports predefined reports that contain a comprehensive set of YouTube Analytics data for a channel or content owner
yii-cformmodel CFormModel, from Yiiframework, represents a data model that collects HTML form inputs.
havok a physics engine used in videogames and recreates interactions between objects and characters of the game
hatchstyle a built-in enumeration, available for Windows desktop apps.
haskell-prelude the standard Haskell module that is imported by default into all Haskell modules
haskell-spock null
wordperfect Automation of Corel WordPerfect using PerfectScript and other technologies.
wordpress-shortcode null
wsc null
wsdl4j http://sourceforge.net/projects/wsdl4j/files/WSDL4J/
wwwroot null
xcf the native image format of the GIMP image-editing program.
xtrf XTRF is, according to its website, a project management system for translation agencies and corporate translation departments.
yellow-pages null
xml-spreadsheet Microsoft Excel spreadsheet file-format based on XML, called , first introduced in Excel 2002.
xmltransient null
teamstudio-unplugged a mobile application platform that provides mobile users with instant, offline access to data and applications stored on their smartphone or tablet
kss a development framework that enables to develop rich user interfaces with AJAX, without the need to use any Javascript.
kuali a suite of open source enterprise-level software that allows institutions of higher education to achieve the goals of lower costs and operational control thr…
ladon a multi-protocol web service framework.
command-execution null
commitanimations null
team-city-10.0 for questions related to Team City version 10.0.
cloud-connect an end-to-end ETL tool and platform that is integrated to GoodData.
backup-agent Android class that allows applications to copy the persistent application data to a remote cloud storage
remarkjs A JavaScript library that creates client-side HTML5 slideshows from Markdown source.
crossdomain-request.js null
staticfilehandler null
registry-virtualization an application compatibility technology that enables registry write operations that have global impact to be redirected to per-user locations
lcc-win32 an integrated development environment package for Microsoft Windows which includes a fork of LCC, a small, retargetable compiler for the ANSI C programming language.
data-access-app-block null
vtt null
vue-strap null
vuzix null
appcelerator-cli Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's CLI to create and build Titanium apps and Arrow APIs.
api-eveonline All questions concerning the usage of the APIs for the Sci-Fi MMORPG Eve Online
react-native-text null
ng-build null
feathers-authentication null
odata-v3 a Web protocol for querying and updating data
ode-library a physics engine in C/C++
safe-bool-idiom Validate objects in a boolean context without harmful side effects caused by implicit conversions.
laravel-storage null
amazon-connect a cloud-based contact center solution.
autodiff a set of techniques based on the mechanical application of the chain rule to obtain derivatives of a function given as a computer program.
pygmaps a Python wrapper for Google Maps JavaScript API V3.
pykd an extension for which provides Python scripting capabilities.
document-based-database null
popupcontrolextender part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
popupmenubutton null
playstation-portable a portable console device created and developed by Sony.
pinned-site null
pin-code a numeric password shared between a user and a system that can be used to authenticate the user.
pidcrypt a JavaScript cryptographic library implementing RSA, AES, SHA2, etc…
proxyfactory null
pssh Parallel SSH or PSSH, allows to execute commands on multiple linux hosts in parallel at the same time.
psychology the scientific study of human affect, behavior, and cognition
pycxx null
pvlib a community supported tool that provides a set of functions and classes for simulating the performance of photovoltaic energy systems
py-amqplib null
principalsearcher null
oracle-bpm-suite The Oracle BPM Suite includes business user-friendly modeling and optimization tools, tools for system integration, business activity monitoring dashboards, and rich task and case management capabilit…
oracle-application-server for questions related to Oracle Application Server, which provides a single integrated packaged solution of for middleware infrastructure.
oracle-enterprise-linux Oracle Linux provides the latest innovations, tools, and features that enable you to innovate, collaborate, and create solutions across traditional, cloud-based, and virtual environments.
oraclejdk null
or-condition null
otroslogviewer Log viewer focused on developers work
open-webkit-sharp a .NET wrapper for the Webkit browser engine.
opentools null
openide null
ops4j OPS4J stands for Open Participation Software for Java
oms a javascript library used at Google Maps or Leaflet to spiderfy markers
ocg Optional content refers to sub-clauses of content in a PDF document that can be selectively viewed or hidden by document authors or consumers
partial-response a JSF specific term for its ajax based view and response.
pageshow an HTML5 event or a jQuery Mobile event relating to pages
pardiso null
padleft a method in C#, which returns a new string of a specified length in which the beginning of the current string is padded with spaces or with a specified Unicode character.
sat4j a full featured boolean reasoning library designed to bring state-of-the-art SAT technologies to the Java Virtual Machine.
sas-studio a SAS thin client that runs in a web browser and allows a user to connect to a SAS server and execute SAS code
rowdefinition Defines row-specific properties that apply to Grid elements.
routedevents null
setwindowlong null
sdata the short form of 'Sage Data', the HTTP-based communication protocol used by many Sage product APIs and integrations.
seam-carving Seam carving , is an algorithm for image resizing.
sdl.net a set of object-oriented CLS-compliant .NET bindings for the SDL gaming library.
search-dialog null
scenejs an open source 3D engine for JavaScript which provides a JSON-based API for defining and manipulating 3D scenes on WebGL.
sceneview null
rewritepath Redirects a request for a resource to a different path than the one that is indicated by the requested URL
reversegeocodelocation null
requiressl null
redux-devtools-extension Redux DevTools extension for Chrome and Firefox is a development time package that provides power-ups for your Redux development workflow
rebasing null
removable-storage null
remote-connections null
rank-n-types null
rational-test-workbench null
tobject null
trace-listener null
tpersistent the ancestor for all objects that have assignment and streaming capabilities
timber-android an Android logging library created by Jake Wharton.
tmail null
twitter-util a collection of general purpose Scala tools developed and open sourced by Twitter.
trusted-vs-untrusted null
unicode-range null
unsafe-unretained null
unreliable-connection null
uimodalpresentationformsh null
uglifycss a port of YUI Compressor, for its CSS part, to NodeJS
uiprintformatter an abstract base class for print formatters: objects that lay out custom printable content that can cross page boundaries
tyk a lightweight, open source API Gateway and API Management Platform written in Go.
visual-assist-x null
vmargs null
wasp a PowerShell snapin for Windows Automation tasks like selecting windows and controls and sending mouse and keyboard events
wapiti a vulnerability scanner for web applications
viewaction JSF tag to declare a GET action.
userstyles stylesheets written in programs like Stylish which are used to customize the specific website for a specific user, that's why we call them userstyles.
wordnik an API for dictionary and thesaurus data, plus other information about English words, based on multiple dictionary resources
windows-sbs Microsoft Windows Small Business Server , now called Windows Server Essentials
task-tracking null
tcomb a library for node.js and the browser which allows you to check the types of JavaScript values at runtime.
tcollectionitem TCollectionItem represents an item in a TCollection
through2 a wrapper around Node's core stream.Tranform class that allows for simpler object stream creation.
text-to-html Convert plain text to HTML paragaphs.
text-normalization null
tcptrace-pocketsoap often used to debug HTTP services and interactions
terminal-ide A command-line based java/Android development kit that runs on Android devices
stm32l152 null
stencyl a game creation platform that allows users to create 2D video games for computers, mobile devices, and the web.
stellent null
stk a free R4RS Scheme interpreter which can access the Tk graphical package.
statamic a flat-file CMS that supports Markdown and Textile.
solr4j a java client to access solr
spring-cloud-vault-config Spring Cloud Vault Config provides client-side support for HashiCorp's Vault secret management in a distributed system.
stalled null
sql-to-entity-framework null
spsitedataquery null
sptbxlib Floating, docking menus and toolbars library, with skinning support, for Embarcadero Delphi
sql-server-config-manager a tool to manage the services associated with SQL Server, to configure the network protocols used by SQL Server, and to manage the network connectivity configuratio…
shell-namespace-extension null
sim800 a complete Quad-band GSM/GPRS solution in a SMT module which can be embedded in the customer applications
silverlight-embedded null
slt a realtime replication / data provisioning tool from SAP
smalot-datetimepicker a datetimepicker widget by smalot that uses Twitter's bootstrap library
smallcaps null
smarthost a type of email message transfer agent which allows an SMTP server to route email to an intermediate mailserver rather than directly to the recipient’s server.
sitescope an application availability and performance monitoring software
skfieldnode A SKFieldNode applies physics effects to physics bodies within a specific part of a Sprite Kit scene.
smartsheet-java-sdk-v2 null
sitecore-sxa a Sitecore module which provides reusable, templated UX layouts and components to help you get up and running quickly.
srilm a toolkit for building and applying statistical language models .
stagevideo null
staleelementreferenceexception StaleElementReferenceException : org.openqa.selenium.StaleElementReferenceException popularly known as StaleElementReferenceException extends org.openqa.selenium.WebDriverException which indicates tha…
stagewebviewbridge an extended version of flash.media.StageWebView, which is a class to display HTML content in a stage viewport
stackunderflow A stack underflow occurs when trying to remove an object from the operand stack, but the stack is empty.
specific-stylesheets null
spcontext null
spatie null
starkit a packaging and deployment mechanism for Tcl.
stingray null
stl-decomposition null
stickyrecycleview null
svn-switch SVN 'switch' operation to change a working copy association.
terraform-template-file null
template-lite Template Lite - the faster compiling PHP template engine
tfignore null
tcltk null
tcpmon null
table-driven null
tabbarios React Native component for iOS element: UITabbar
syslog4j Syslog4j provides client and server implementations of the BSD Syslog protocol and the Structured Syslog protocol .
windows-95 Windows 95 was an operating system that was produced by Microsoft for use on personal computers, notable for making the switch from the 16 bit-architecture of former Windows releases to a mainly 32 bi…
winprt Windows phone runtime component
website-metrics null
webidl an interface definition language, that can be used to describe interfaces that are intended to be implemented in web browsers
web-folders null
webdeploy-3.5 null
web-control null
user-testing Test of a system by an end-user.
user-manual also known as user guide
userpoints null
validform a PHP and JavaScript library that simplifies the often tedious creation of standards based web forms.
valid-html null
vapid null
virtualenv-commands null
wampsharp an implementation of WAMP for .NET
uap a principle of OOP, that states "All services offered by a module should be available through a uniform notation, which does not betray whether they are implemented…
ucma2.0 null
umn-mapserver null
unsemantic-css the successor to the 960 Grid System.
unidecoder library provides methods to transliterate Unicode characters to an ASCII approximation.
unnotificationattachment null
twgl.js a library for making WebGL less verbose
tridion-core-services null
tktable Extension widget to the Tcl's Tk widget toolkit
tiers null
touch-typing null
realm-browser null
raptor a flowchart-based visual programming environment designed for educational purposes.
qmetatype In Qt, the QMetaType class « manages named types in the meta-object system ».
quantify null
quadruple-precision a binary floating-point-based computer number format that occupies 16 bytes .
r7rs A project to provide a new standard for Scheme implementations.
queryparam null
remote-client null
render-blocking null
reg-expressionvalidator RegularExpressionValidator : A Validator used in ASP.NET to validate a particular control value as that of provided pattern.
ref-parameters null
resource-governor null
resourcestring null
reversion null
scientific-software for questions relating to Scientific Software, i.e
scroll-lock a key or a feature that avoids content being scrolled in a usually text based window.
scntext a geometry that creates its contents from a string of text, rendered in 2D and optionally extruded to create a three-dimensional object.
select-for-xml Select for XML stands for returning the results of a query in XML format
sdef Sdef stands for .
setup-wizard null
setpropertyactionlistener null
sequential-workflow null
serverfbml null
routed null
routeboxer null
ruby-on-rails-5.2 null
rsnapshot a filesystem snapshot utility for making backups of local and remote systems.
sas-visual-analytics for questions about building reports and data visualisations using SAS Visual Analytics
satellite-navigation null
pades PAdES is a standard for enabling digital signature and court validity of digitally signed documents in PDF format
pagecontext null
overlap2d made to help you separate your game content from coding
overhead-minimization null
out-of-source null
pakyow an open-source platform for the modern web
parseexcel null
payeezy the quickest way to accept payments in your mobile app or website
pd4ml An HTML to PDF converter for Java and .NET
ocpsoft-rewrite An open source Routing and URL Rewriting solution for Servlet, Java Web Frameworks, and Java EE.
ocaml-toplevel ocaml-toplevel refers to the toplevel that ships with the OCaml compiler, and is invoked with the `ocaml` command
openfb OpenFB OpenFB is a micro-library that lets you integrate your JavaScript applications with Facebook
oracle-xml-publisher a template-based publishing solution delivered with the Oracle E-Business Suite.
oracle-service-cloud null
primeng-dropdowns null
predictive null
prefast a static analysis tool that identifies defects in C/C++ programs.
ppx null
pweave a Python library for creating documents that capture the results of Python computations
pthread-barriers a point where the thread is going to wait for other threads and will proceed further only when predefined number of threads reach the same barrier in their respective programs.
pstree A Unix command that shows the running processes as a tree
psqlodbc Open Database Connectivity middleware for PostgreSQL
prompt-toolkit a library for building powerful interactive command lines and terminal applications in Python
promql null
pinnacle-cart an extremely powerful shopping cart and website builder application
phundament Highly-modular Web Application Boilerplates with Yii Framework and composer support.
picaxe An embedded development platform based on Microchip PIC which can be programmed in BASIC or graphically through flowcharts.
phassetslibrary null
perlnetssh null
perl-prove a tool for customizing automatic tests and summarizing the results.
play-templates null
plnkr.co null
plsql-psp Oracle PL/SQL Server Pages
pmwiki a wiki-based system written in PHP for collaborative creation and maintenance of websites.
powerpoint2016 null
pygraph For issues relating to the Pygraph Python graph manipulation library.
pyexcelerator a Python library for reading files compatible with Excel 95 or later and writing files compatible with Excel 97 or later.
amazon-device-farm null
large-text null
nhibernate-collections null
autobahnjs null
autocreate null
azure-sql-reporting Cloud based version of SQL Server Reporting Services for Windows Azure
ios-web-app purely web-browser-based and runs outside of Mobile Safari in a chromeless browser.
vuex-modules null
angular-config null
database-comparison null
layoutpanels null
rehosting null
relative-addressing null
reliable-message-delivery null
clojureql an alternative SQL library for Clojure.
cloudconvert null
teamcity-6 a major release of JetBrains' TeamCity continuous integration server.
labelfunction null
ksql a Streaming SQL Engine for Apache Kafka.
xenu null
yampa null
wso2ml null
hbase-client null
headroom.js a lightweight, pure JavaScript widget for hiding elements
zend-form-fieldset null
zend-form-select a common way of limiting to specific choices for a given form datum
jssh The JavaScript Shell server for Mozilla is an extension for Mozilla browsers which allows remote users to execute JavaScript in the running browser.
jsvalidation null
ftok C programming language: key_t ftok; The ftok function uses the identity of the file named by the given pathname
right-angle-bracket The symbols , when used in this order to enclose some expression
rich-media null
netbeans6.1 the version 6.1 of Netbeans IDE for java application development.
netstandard1.6 null
propertybag null
blackhole The BLACKHOLE storage engine acts as a “black hole” that accepts data but throws it away and does not store it
blender-2.76 null
django-management-command null
react-loadable null
angular2-build null
angular2viewencapsulation null
ios-background-mode null
process-migration null
process-elevation null
linkchecker a free, GPL licensed website validator
wx2 an in-memory, Massively Parallel Processing relational database management system that is optimized for analytical workloads.
lightwindow null
line-of-business-app one of the set of critical computer applications that are vital to running an enterprise, such as accounting, supply chain management, and resource planning ap…
xaction null
x509trustmanager null
xamlx null
invocationhandler null
vcg The Visualization and Computer Graphics Library is a open source portable C++ templated library for manipulation, processing and displaying mesh with use of OpenGL
vcpkg Vcpkg helps you get C and C++ libraries on Windows
mssticker null
msstickerview null
data-presentation a way of putting results of experiments into graphs, charts and tables
irate a class that prompts users of your iPhone or Mac App Store app to rate your application after using it for a while.
irfanview a freeware graphic viewer for Windows.
cam-pdf a Perl library for reading and modifying existing PDF files
camera-matrix In computer vision a camera matrix or projection matrix is a matrix which describes the mapping of a pinhole camera from 3D points in the world to 2D points in an image.
countdownevent an object that represents a thread synchronization primitive that is signaled when its count reaches zero
pywt a free Open Source wavelet transform software for Python programming language.
qdial a Qt class which provides a rounded range control.
rails-upgrade mainly deals with issues when upgrading the rails version.
range-types null
test-and-target part of Adobe Target
test.check a Clojure property-based testing tool inspired by QuickCheck
textboxlist a autocomplete/tokenisation widget developed for MooTools and jQuery.
publify Ruby on Rails blogging engine
public-fields null
puppetlabs-mysql an official module to manage mysql using Puppet.
treecell null
pushpad a Web Push Notifications Service.
httpfox An HTTP analyzer addon for Firefox
integer-hashing null
instantmessenger null
attachmate-extra null
fat-binaries null
fastinfoset a binary encoding for the XML Infoset which provides an alternative serialization to the XML markup.
windows-phone-sl-8.1 The Windows Phone Silverlight 8.1 app model gives Windows Phone 8 developers access to some of the newest features available in Windows Phone Store apps without significantly modifying existing Window…
hql-delete Questions related to deleting entities using HQL in hibernate, NHibernate and its derivatives.
host-object an interface which allows a user to interact with an application via transient code and data.
ipp-qbd-sync can be used to group all sync manager related issues faced by developers while using IPP Intuit Anywhere REST API.
first-level-cache null
log4postsharp a satellite project for PostSharp, the AOP framework.
logistf null
finite-group-theory a branch of abstract algebra concerned with the properties of a multiply-like operation on finite sets
log-level null
service-pack null
set-analysis null
session-cache Caches that store session data.
parameterized-constructor null
parameter-object A design pattern in which multiple method parameters are consolidated in a single object.
redhat-datavirt For development issues encountered while using Red Hat JBoss Data Virtualization
markov-random-fields an undirected graphical model.
penn-treebank The Penn Treebank Project annotates text for linguistic structure using Treebank II bracketing.
peoplecode the proprietary language used by PeopleSoft applications.
peano-numbers a simple way of representing the natural numbers using only a zero value and a successor function.
pear-mail null
typedoc a documentation generator for TypeScript projects.
typedactor null
urlstream URLStream class provides low-level access to downloading URLs.
google-base null
restivus null
responsys Oracle’s cross-channel marketing solution for marketing to consumers, Oracle Responsys, empowers marketers to deliver more relevant, real-time interactions for users across email, mobile, display, soc…
jmeter-4.0 for questions specific to Apache Jmeter 4.0, released on 11 February 2018
john-the-ripper a fast password cracker, currently available for many flavors of Unix, Windows, DOS, BeOS, and OpenVMS.
fme an ETL tool by Safe Software
fnv a non-cryptographic hash function created by Glenn Fowler, Landon Curt Noll, and Phong Vo.
fogbugz-on-demand a hosted tool for solo or team bug tracking, task management, and project planning
maturity null
matrix-math null
fongo a Java-based in-memory implementation of MongoDB
osvr Questions related to the Open Source Virtual Reality software libraries or the OSVR Hacker Development Kit
osmar An R package to provide access to OpenStreetMap data and work with the data in R.
pg8000 one of many Pure-Python PostgreSQL interfaces for the Python programming language.
pgdb null
rxjs-lettable-operators null
tagged-pdf a form of embedded metadata for PDFs that allows support for bookmarks and copy-and-paste on text, and gives a namespace for Adobe's DOM that is leveraged by such technologies as layers,…
jquery-uniform A jQuery plugin to style form controls.
s2i null
jruby-openssl null
react-alt A Flux-compliant library in Javascript
react-16 null
pyml an interactive object oriented framework for machine learning written in Python
write-error null
tab-size null
tablesort null
stretchdibits null
openacs a toolkit for building scalable, community-oriented web applications
oovoo a free video chat platform on Windows, Mac, iOS, Android & Windows Phone
onpreferenceclicklistener null
drupal-filefield a Drupal 6 module that offers improved file upload features.
xfl a XML-based file format for Adobe Flash Professional; introduced since version CS5.
xlet very similar to a Java applet and is originally introduced in Sun's Java TV specification to support applications for Digital TV.
nspr Netscape Portable Runtime provides a platform-neutral API for system level and libc-like functions.
nssecurecoding Conforming to the NSSecureCoding protocol indicates that an object handles encoding and decoding instances of itself in a manner that is robust against object substitution attacks.
default-package null
pyrevit to talk about the pyRevit project: https://github.com/eirannejad/pyRevit
pyspider Python based Powerful Spider System
python-3.7 The next version of the Python programming language, due to be released on June 18, 2018
zikula an open source application framework written in PHP
zenject Dependency Injection Framework for Unity3D
artifact-deployer ArtifactDeployer plugin enables you to archive build artifacts to any remote locations such as to a separate file server .
errorprone Error-prone catches common Java mistakes as compile-time errors.
esc-key null
response.addheader Adds an HTTP Header to an output stream.
mongolian-vertical-script For issues related to the display and rendering of vertical Mongolian text
mongodb-stitch For questions related to the MongoDB Stitch Service API.
object-notation null
objective-git An Objective-C framework that provides bindings to libgit2 library.
object-state null
ujson an ultra fast JSON encoder and decoder written in pure C with bindings for Python 2.5+ and 3.
uiviewcontentmode determine how a view lays out its content when its bounds change.
weakeventmanager null
ui-spy The UI Spy tool enables developers and testers to view and interact with the user interface elements of an application.
jchart2d open-source, two dimensional data visualization libraries.
jboss-rules null
tvar null
threadx ThreadX, developed and marketed by Express Logic, Inc
habitat an open source project by Chef, which handles the build, packaging and deployment process for applications
gwtmockito null
openshift-online null
hammer a high-availability filesystem written for DragonFly BSD
file-inclusion null
fileopener2 null
lmertest An R package providing different kinds of tests for linear mixed effects models as implemented in 'lme4' package.
aopalliance a joint open-source project between several software engineering people who are interested in AOP and Java.
ansible-awx a GUI and REST API for managing both cloud-based and traditional/hybrid Ansible deployments
miniport null
beanstream null
beeswax The Beeswax application enables you to perform queries on Apache Hive, a data warehousing system designed to work with Hadoop
beginanimations null
bcompiler bcompiler enables you to encode your scripts in phpbytecode, enabling you to protect the source code
imageloader null
gimple a intermediate representation language used by GCC
reportviewerformvc null
requirehttps null
dnsbl null
scalala the linear algebra library for scala
cubic-bezier null
ctfe Compile Time Function Evaluation
vssconverter null
dependency-inversion null
dependency-analysis null
cudpp null
automatic-migration a feature of Entity-Framework Code-First approach.
vrone Questions regarding the development for the ZEISS VR ONE, a head-mounted virtual reality device for smartphones
conversion-specifier null
npmignore used to keep stuff out of programmed package.
nrf52 a series of system on chips from Nordic Semiconductor suited for Bluetooth Low Energy and ANT operations
system.json null
javahg a Java library for interacting with Mercurial
java-communication-api a Java library with extensions for developing communications applications.
universal-cli null
unityvs a Visual Studio plugin enabling the debugging of Unity code inside Visual Studio
jqplot-highlighter null
jqprint Printing plug-in for jQuery, evolution of jPrintArea: http://plugins.jquery.com/project/jPrintArea
magiczoom A jquery library for zooming in on images.
magnification-api null
keyword-expansion null
keywordquery null
kinterbasdb a Python extension package that implements Python Database API 2.0-compliant support for Firebird and some versions of Borland® Interbase®
knights-tour a sequence of moves of a knight on a chessboard.
uibubbletableview UITableView based iOS component for rendering chats like it's done in Messages application.
uidatepickermodetime null
graql Grakn's reasoning and analytics query language, for knowledge-oriented systems to query for explicitly stored and implicitly derived knowledge.
rtmpd A C++ implemntation for RTMP Server.
ruby-characters small, annotative glosses that can be placed above or to the right of a Chinese character when writing languages with logographic characters such as Chinese or Japanese …
ruby-gnome2 a set of bindings for the GNOME 2.x and 3.x libraries to use from Ruby 2.0.0, 2.1 and 2.2.
scratchcard null
braintree-data null
searchfiltercollection Represents a collection of search filters that are linked by a logical operator.
security-scoped-bookmarks null
foundationdb a new-generation database built to support a diverse set of applications and data models while delivering exceptional performance, data consistency, and operational resilience.
adium a free instant messaging application for Mac OS X that can connect to AIM, MSN, Jabber, Yahoo, and more.
administrative null
movefileex null
sqlmail provided in Microsoft SQL Server for backward compatibility
preverify null
xtemplate null
xsodata null
xslt-tools null
xsl-grouping null
xrmservicetoolkit a JavaScript library which can be used for JavaScript Development under the platform for Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011/2013/2015 environments
apache-tuscany Apache Tuscany provides a Service-oriented architecture infrastructure for developing and running Java applications using a service-oriented approach.
apache-twill a library for developing distributed applications with Apache Hadoop® YARN.
constraintexception null
constant-time needed in cryptography software to prevent attacks based on time measuring of the operations.
consoleappender null
ogdf a self-contained C++ class library for the automatic layout of diagrams.
omnicontacts-gem null
omnipascal Extension for Visual Studio Code to enable object pascal code with code completion and syntax highlighting
cast-iron null
node-https null
node-memwatch A tool for debugging and profiling memory usage in Node.JS applications.
ccc CCC stands for Community Charting Components, the CTools Javascript charting library, which is build on top of Protovis, a very powerful free and open-source visualization toolkit.
cbo null
casyncsocket null
plai Programming Languages: Application and Interpretation is a textbook written by Shriram Krishnamurthi from Brown University.
pkill null
pjl an extension to the Printer Control Language that provides a protocol for communication between a printer and a print server or remote computer.
pkcs#10 Public-key Cryptography Standard #10 specifies format of messages sent to a certification authority to request certification of a public key.
androidimageslider null
android-largeheap An option in the application declaration in the Android Manifest that states whether your application's processes should be created with a large Dalvik heap
android-json-rpc an open source library which aims to help the implementation of JSON-RPC clients in android applications
mobileme Apple's cloud service for files, pictures, email, etc
mobilink null
grunt-exec Grunt plugin for executing shell commands.
slick-codegen null
snaplogic For issues relating to the SnapLogic Enterprise Integration Cloud.
asprintf for questions about the C asprintf and vasprintf extension functions for memory-safe data formatting.
aspstate null
coin3d a high-level, retained-mode toolkit for effective 3D graphics development
coldfusion-6 For issues relating to using ColdFusion, version 6.
android-things-console The Android Things Console provides tools to install and update the Android Things system image on supported hardware devices.
coffeekup a templating engine for node.js and browsers that lets you to write your HTML templates in 100% pure CoffeeScript.
android-strictmode This mode helps a developer to identify potential bugs in an app.
in-memory-tables null
in-place-editor null
classformaterror thrown when the JVM attempts to read a class file and determines that the file is malformed or otherwise cannot be interpreted as a class file.
clean-language a general purpose, purely functional, lazy programming language.
initial-scale a property of the viewport meta tag which is used to set the initial on a mobile browser.
classiejs A simple Javascript class helper function
genomicranges null
gen-event null
toscawidgets a WSGI framework for building reusable web UI components in Python.
touchescancelled for questions related to touchesCancelled:withEvent, a UIResponder event-handling method in the UIKit framework and MonoTouch.UIKit Namespace.
phpsh an interactive shell for php that features readline history, tab completion, quick access to documentation.
geom-raster null
lstlisting null
lupa a rewrite of LunaticPython in Cython with additional features such as proper coroutine support
aapt2 null
abmultivalue An opaque type property that can have multiple values
dvi null
dx-data-grid a feature-rich data shaping and editing client-side widget which allows end users to easily manage information and display it on-screen.
libcurl.net Multiprotocol file transfer library for .Net
glktextureloader null
librato a cloud platform for real-time operations analytics that accepts metrics from any source for real-time aggregation and transformation, anomaly detection, alerting, visual analysis and stora…
sonarqube-5.5 the SonarQube 5.5.x specific tag
somee a web host provider that offers Windows Hosting, ASP.NET Hosting, MS SQL Hosting and VPS/VDS solutions.
mediabrowserservicecompat null
mediawiki-installation null
continuity New feature in iOS 8.
control-adapter null
500px a photo-sharing website targeted at photography enthusiasts
bindingflags null
bin-folder null
billboard.js a Re-usable, easy interface JavaScript chart library based on D3 v4+.
awss3 null
double-brace-initialize Java's Double-Brace initialization creates Objects using anonymous classes.
mysql-error-1170 BLOB/TEXT column '%s' used in key specification without a key length
mysql-dependent-subquery for questions related to a dependent subquery in MySQL.
mysql-error-1046 Error #1046 - No database selected
napa a simple framework for building Rack based APIs using Grape, Roar and ActiveRecord.
nant-task null
inappsettings null
navigateuri null
ncml an XML representation of the metadata in netCDF, a data model and file format for scientific data.
sphider for questions about the web spider and search engine tool Sphider
spinach null
wisper a Ruby Publish-Subscribe gem with async support which aims to help decouple responsibilities.
indexwriter null
indri a fulltext search engine developed by The Lemur Project
flambo Clojure DSL for Apache Spark
flannbasedmatcher null
flashplayer-debug Debug version of Adobe Flash Player - allows to trace and debug a Flash Player application
finger-tree a purely functional tree data structure that gives amortized constant time access to of the tree
fitvids A lightweight, easy-to-use jQuery plugin for fluid width video embeds.
fhs a reference describing the conventions used for the layout of a UNIX system
fastclick a simple, easy-to-use library for eliminating the 300ms delay between a physical tap and the firing of a click event on mobile browsers
farpoint null
f#-3.1 the released version of the F# functional language in the VS2013 timeframe
fabricjs2 null
fakeweb a helper for faking web requests in Ruby
freelancer.com-api The Freelancer API allows developers to access information available on Freelancer.com programmatically.
g2o a graph-based sparse matrix optimization library for C++, with an emphasis on robotics.
gadbannerview null
geckosdk null
foreigner null
floating-action-menu null
form-generator null
elasticsearch-river null
elasticsearch-nested null
electric-fence a popular memory debugger tool.
elm-signal null
ecmascript-2016 Questions about new features specified in the ECMAScript 2016 specification.
edf a simple and flexible format for exchange and storage of multi-channel biological and physical signals.
eclipse-project-file null
duckduckgo-api null
dunitx a Delphi test framework
dsofile an Active X library offered by Microsoft that can be used to read and modify document properties in Microsoft Office document files.
d-star a search algorithm, capable of planning paths in unknown, partially known, and changing environments in an efficient, optimal, and complete manner
drupal-schema The Schema API allows modules to declare their database tables in a structured array
evolus-pencil a cross-platform open-source GUI prototyping tool.
ex-navigation null
exploratory Exploratory Testing - Comes under Session Based testing where every member of QA team needs to explore/test different scenarios through which the system can be broken.
elrte An open-source HTML WYSIWYG editor written in JavaScript, used by the Eldorado CMS.
empty-class null
emq a distributed, massively scalable, highly extensible MQTT message broker written in Erlang/OTP
erc20 null
grounddb null
grails-2.0.4 a dynamic web application framework built on Java and Groovy
gradle-2 A very flexible general purpose build tool written in Groovy.
google-openidconnect null
gulp-nunjucks-render null
gulp-load-plugins a gulp plugin that can automatically load any gulp plugin mentioned in package.json.
gulp-newer A Gulp plugin for passing through only those source files that are newer than corresponding destination files.
grunt-contrib-compress Grunt based compression and archiving tool.
hardware-design null
harvard-architecture null
gnip Twitter’s enterprise API platform that provides filtered access to the Twitter firehose, indexed searches of the entire Twitter historical corpus, and demographic insights on collections of us…
gnome-keyring-daemon null
getconstructor null
generative-art null
getpasswd null
inet-ntop null
infernojs From the website:
infer null
inspinia null
ietester a free WebBrowser that allows you to have the rendering and javascript engines of IE10, IE9, IE8, IE7 IE 6 and IE5.5 on Windows 8 desktop, Window…
ignore-duplicates null
iextenderprovider null
icicle-diagram a graphical display of clustering results, so called because it resembles a row of icicles hanging from the eaves of a house.
heavy-computation Processor Oriented Computation
helenus null
htmltable-control HtmlTable control used in ASP.net webforms applications
http-status-code-422 Unprocessable Entity
http-status-code-505 505 HTTP Version not supported
ibm-case-manager null
mysql-loadfile null
mvw an architectural pattern introduced by AngularJS, gathering MVC, MVVM and MVP.
nerdcommenter a Vim plugin that allows for easy commenting of code for many filetypes.
neoxygen null
neodynamic Bar code, labeling, printing, and imaging tools for .NET & PHP.
neoclipse a tool to view, edit and explore Neo4j databases.
neo4j-browser the default Neo4j's client application to query, visualize and manage Neo4j databases.
nested-checkboxes null
network-efficiency null
nevron specialized in the development of premium presentation layer and data visualization components for .NET based technologies.
newmips an Open Source Low code development platform which is based on a softbot
newforms null
nsimagecell null
nuance used for speech integration which offer speech language models that support the most common applications.Currently SDK's available for iOS Android HTTP1.There are limitations for free users
non-scrolling null
nlog-configuration null
ms-access-2002 Questions regarding the Microsoft Access 2002 database management system.
mpv null
mpkg An OS X meta installer package that can hold other packages inside itself
multidplyr an R package by Hadley Wickham that enables parallel processing on partitioned data.frames
monocle a Javascript/Coffeescript MVC
minibufexplorer null
mkdirection The MKDirections class obtain directions and route information from within an iOS device.
modula-2 a procedural programming language, created as a revision of Pascal
modulino code that can be run as a script or loaded as a module
mmix the next generation version of Don Knuth's famous MIX assembly language
mobile-emulator null
model-inheritance null
mathematica-7 For questions specific to version 7.0.x of Wolfram Mathematica, or not applicable to versions 6 or earlier.
mcedit an editor included with Midnight Commander featuring syntax highlighting for many languages, macros, code snippets, etc.
mass null
middle-tier Middle-tier refers to the processing that takes place in an application server that sits between the user's machine and the database server.
meta-raspberrypi to refer to the Yocto layer specific to the raspberry pi.
juel an implementation of the Unified Expression Language , specified as part of the JSP 2.1 standard , which has been introduced in JEE5
jquery-query-builder an UI component to create queries and filters
jsajaxfileuploader null
jsmin a JavaScript minification filter written by Douglas Crockford
jsjac a Jabber/XMPP client library written in JavaScript to ease implementation of web based Jabber/XMPP clients
jslint4java a Java wrapper around Douglas Crockford's JSLint tool.
jenkins-shared-libraries about the global shared libraries you're able to use in jenkins on conjunction with the Jenkins pipeline plugin .
jett JETT - Java Excel Template Translator - an open-source Java library that creates Excel spreadsheets by publishing data to template spreadsheets.
jpicker null
ionic-material an extension library for tag
internet-options null
internet-explorer-5 a web browser released on March 18, 1999 by Microsoft
interix a POSIX conformant add-on for the Microsoft Windows operating systems.
jackson-dataformat-csv Jackson extension for adding support for reading and writing CSV formatted data
jacc JACC is a spec that allows plugging in providers to handle the security decisions for a j2ee application server.
jain-slee JAIN Service Logic and Execution Environment is a Java API specification that defines a model and a run-time environment for developing and deploying network services written in Java.
javax.swing.text Package javax.swing.text provides classes and interfaces that deal with editable and non editable text components.
makegood a continuous test runner to run unit tests on Eclipse PDT
makefile-errors null
logtalk an object-oriented logic programming language based on Prolog
lynxos refers to the LynxOS family of Real Time Operating Systems sold by LynuxWorks.
loading-animation null
loaderinfo null
locallib null
linksys null
kostache a Kohana 3 module for using Mustache templates in your application.
kognitio an in-memory, Massively Parallel Processing relational database management system that is optimized for analytical workloads.
keter Web app deployment manager
k2-blackpearl null
less-rails null
libunwind null
laravel-jobs null
kotlintest null
lapack++ null
cikernel null
clipbucket open source video sharing script
cdetailview null
chartnew.js null
character-codes null
character-trimming null
chakracore null
poll-syscall poll performs a similar task to select: it waits for one of a set of file descriptors to become ready to perform I/O.
c++filt Command-line utility to demangle C++ and Java symbols
cobol.net COBOL implementations for the .NET Framework.
cncontactpicker null
cmac a MAC based on a block cipher such as AES
cachecow an open source framework which provides server side caching for ASP.NET Web API and client side caching for NetHTTPClient on .NET
embedded-object An object, created by built-in programming language prototypes.
baduk a strategic board game with complete information and high computational complexity.
bespin null
bootply a playground for Twitter Bootstrap
cardspace null
case-tools null
c++builder-10.2-tokyo a C++ solution for rapidly building highly connected apps for Windows, Mac, Linux, iOS, Android, Gadgets and Wearables.
cakephp-helper the component-like classes for the presentation layer of cakephp application
browsefragment The BrowseFragment class in the Leanback Support Library allows you to create a primary layout for browsing categories and rows of media items with a minimum of code.
buzz.js A Javascript HTML5 Audio library which degrades silently on browsers that do not support HTML5
bufferunderflowexception thrown when elements are read from a buffer but there are not enough elements remaining in the buffer.
debian-7.6.0 Debian OS with the version 7.6.0.
darkflow null
dapper-rainbow Rainbow provides simple CRUD methods to your Dapper classes through the implementation of the Rainbow abstract base class.
data-execution-prevention a security feature of modern operating systems and CPUs intended to prevent the execution of code/data located in a memory region not explicitly marked as executable…
date-fns null
digit-separator null
django-dynamic-scraper an app for Django which builds on top of the scraping framework Scrapy and lets you create and manage Scrapy spiders via the Django admin interface.
django-cache-machine a pluggable Django app that provides automatic caching and invalidation for Django models through the ORM
dirtyrectangle null
documentum-dfc DFC stands for Documentum Foundation Classes, the API which allows the developers to extend the Documentum software platform functionalities.
django-rosetta a Django application that eases the translation process of your Django projects.
django-shop Easy integration with django CMS
current-principal Question related to the .net Thread implementation about the current principal.
cycript Cycript allows developers to explore and modify running applications on either iOS or Mac OS X using a hybrid of Objective-C++ and JavaScript syntax through an interactive console that features syntax…
cycle-plugin null
csdl an XML dialect which describes the structure of an OData service.
createchildcontrols null
crowdflower a crowdsourcing data enrichment platform.
corecursion a type of operation that is dual to recursion
coveo dedicated to helping organizations upskill for growth by ensuring that every employee, support agent, customer, and website visitor can easily find more relevant information and people—enhan…
coproc null
code-profiling achieved by instrumenting either the program source code or its binary executable form using a tool called a Code profiler
code-search null
codeigniter-upload Questions about uploading files within the CodeIgniter PHP framework.
column-defaults null
code-view null
compgen A bash built-in command to generate command completions.
compiler-compiler null
contactgroups null
conditional-aggregation null
acralyzer a frontend web application enabling ACRA users to analyze reports sent by their applications.
2-satisfiability The Boolean 2-satisifiability problem asks whether there is a solution to a given collection of paired constraints on Boolean variables
accelerate-haskell Accelerate defines an embedded language of array computations for high-performance computing in Haskell
sharepoint-alerts null
akka-kafka an actor based kafka consumer built on top of the high-level kafka consumer that allows for asynchronous/concurrent processing of messages from kafka while keeping an upper bound on the …
akka-zeromq null
android-cts An automated testing harness
asp.net-core-testhost null
args4j arg4j makes it easy to parse command line options/arguments in your CUI application.
avassetwriterinput null
azure-in-role-cache In-Role Cache provides a caching layer to your Azure applications
azure-iot-suite null
azure-machine-learning-workbench Questions related to the Azure Machine Learning Workbench.
asyncpostbackerror null
asynchronous-javascript a technique to load JavaScript asynchronously using async and defer attributes or script tag injection
appixia An online store solution for mobile platforms.
apache-camel-cdi The Apache Camel CDI component provides auto-configuration for Apache Camel using CDI as dependency injection framework based on convention-over-configuration.
qxmpp a cross-platform XMPP client and server library that uses the QT Framework
quill.io A library that allows you to write queries in Scala with QDSL
qvalidator The QValidator class provides validation of input text
quosure null
custom-functions-excel For custom functions in Excel, written with JavaScript
custom-selectors null
altiris an ITSM to manage computers and assets, owned by Symantec
amazon-alb null
amazonads null
cyberneko null
aggregate-filter SQL standard syntax to filter rows passed to an aggregate function.
roundedcorners-dropshadow null
dibs the largest provider of internet payment solutions in Northern Europe.
vader VADER is a python lexicon and rule-based sentiment analysis tool that is specifically attuned to sentiments expressed in social media.
usn The USN Journal , or Change Journal, is a feature of NTFS which maintains a record of changes made to the volume
metacello the standard dependency management package for cross-platform Smalltalk development.
mercurial-api null
cgcontextdrawpdfpage null
ora-01861 ORA-01861: Literal does not match format string
ora-01008 ORA-01008: not all variables bound
metricsgraphicsjs a library built on top of D3 that is optimized for visualizing and laying out time-series data.
bulk-delete null
eflags EFLAGS refers to the flags register of the x86/x64 architecture
microsoft-cpp-unit-test null
kdf a Key Derivation Function
kefir.js a Reactive Programming library for JavaScript inspired by Bacon.js and RxJS, with focus on high performance and low memory usage.
kendo-draggable A component of the Kendo UI framework.
j8583 a Java library to handle ISO-8583 messages.
itunes-api null
ixmldomelement null
surroundscm for questions relating to Surround SCM.
kaitai-struct a DSL
kanso a framework for developing full CouchDB-based applications.
microcoding Microcoding involves writing the code and data structures that make up the machine code instructions in processors.
microsoft-live-connect null
ora-01461 can bind a LONG value only for insert into a LONG column
ora-01031 The ORA-01031: insufficient privileges error occurs when a user attempts to execute a program or function for which he has not been granted the appropriate privileges.
ora-02291 null
passive-sts null
cgihttpserver a simple HTTP server that can call external scripts through the common gateway interface .
cfzip a CFML tag which is used to create, expand, and list the contents of zip files.
cfpdfform null
ora-00913 an Oracle/PLSQL Error Message
path-combine a .NET method to combine two strings into a path.
mergecursor null
vaadin-push a new server-client communication feature in Vaadin 7.
dialog-framework null
digital-persona-sdk null
rootbeer a compiler that lets Java run on the GPU
gatling-plugin null
gcc5.2 For questions related to the GNU gcc compiler or suite, 5.2.x versions.
gcallowverylargeobjects null
agvtool Apple-generic versioning tool for PB projects
ais The Automatic Identification System is an automatic tracking system used on ships and by vessel traffic services for identifying and locating vessels by electronically exchanging data with…
alternate-access-mappings null
custom-stories null
p4eclipse The Perforce plug-in for Eclipse, seamlessly integrates the strengths of Perforce's version management system with Eclipse's powerful IDE.
ovirt KVM based virtualization platform managing virtual machines, storage and virtualized networks.
apple-help the name of the user help application provided in Mac OS X.
apple-watch-glances Glances deliver easy to read summaries of information from frequently used apps, optimized for Apple Watch.
angular-rc5 null
angular-nglist Text input that converts between a delimited string and an array of strings.
angular-library null
aura-framework a UI framework for developing dynamic web apps for mobile and desktop devices, while providing a scalable long-lived lifecycle to support building apps engineered for growth
autotouch a ”macro making and playing” app for Android and iOS
avaloniaui a multiplatform GUI-Framework using XAML for the creation of GUIs
azure-management-portal null
argon a mobile web browser for iOS, and associated software suite, for creating augmented reality-enabled websites.
as-operator used to convert between compatible reference or nullable types
anaglyph-3d Stereoscopic 3D effect achieved by means of encoding each eye's image using filters of different colors, typically red and cyan.
akka-fsm a framework for explicitly defining Akka actors in the form of an finite-state machine.
alcatel-ot About alcatel ot moblies
addcallback null
share-open-graph null
sharedservices null
elasticjs a JavaScript implementation of the ElasticSearch Query DSL and Core API.
ejb-timer services that are provided by the container and developers can take advantage of the timer services by registering one or more enterprise beans for t…
shaka null
shader-storage-buffer an indexed Buffer Object available since OpenGL 4.3
shape-rendering An attribute providing hints about rendering tradeoffs for SVG shapes like rect, polygon, line, path, circle, polyline and ellipse
accelerated-c++ a book for learning how to program in C++
2d-3d-conversion Process of transforming from 2D to 3D form.
.net-4.7.1 null
powercommands a plugin for Visual Studio that adds miscellaneous commands to the IDE.
powermta an enterprise-grade infrastructure application for high-volume email built to address the challenges of digital messaging and integrated customer communications
conditional-split SSIS DataFlow Task Transformation component, used to split data based on specific conditions
configmap null
confidentiality null
compiler-as-a-service Future managed C# and VB compiler and language services API from Microsoft
compiler-version null
ember-bootstrap null
copssh an OpenSSH server and client implementation for Windows systems.
convexity-defects a feature extraction technique that can be used to help in human action recognition by computing silhouettes of subjects using a morphological algorithm.
context-info Returns the context_info value that was set for the current session or batch by using the SET CONTEXT_INFO statement.
cox null
cp1250 null
crysis Lua scripting and extensions for Crysis and other Crytek games
crystal-reports-export null
customapi null
custom-application null
custom-collection null
django-wysiwyg null
dmcs null
docxtemplater null
downloadify a tiny JavaScript + Flash library that allows you to generate files on the fly, in the browser, without server interaction
datastax-search null
data-capture null
dcgan null
devel-nytprof a Perl source code performance profiler.
browser-based null
bootstrap-image-gallery null
bzr-svn null
case-conversion null
cassandra-driver Apache Cassandra drivers for variety of programming languages
carrot a synchronous AMQP client written in Ruby, not to be confused with the Carrot2 clustering engine
carto-mobile null
bluetooth-printing null
boa-constructor null
bitpay null
bitmapframe null
bitmapeffect null
bigloo an implementation of the Scheme programming language
betamax a tool for mocking external HTTP resources such as web services and REST APIs in your tests
bftask null
bell-curve null
bento null
berkelium a library for off-screen browser rendering.
azure-packaging the process of conversion of Raw Code to deployable package consisting of cspkg and cscfg which can be put in Azure Management Portal for deployment.
emacsw32 For questions specifically related to running Emacs on Windows.
email-delivery null
wikia a wiki farm built on MediaWiki
cabal-dev a tool for managing development builds of Haskell projects
cache-digests a better way to handle fragment caching
wexitstatus null
cobra Three possible technologies: The Cobra toolkit is a pure Java HTML parser and rendering engine with support for CSS2 and JavaScript
coccinelle a program matching and transformation engine which provides the language SmPL for specifying desired matches and transformations in C code
ca2202 null
polychart A JavaScript visualization library for HTML and SVG
polaris a react library provided by Shopify to keep the third party app User Interfaces consistent with the admin theme in Shopify shops.
pokemon-go a free-to-play location-based augmented reality mobile game developed by Niantic
polymorphic-functions null
chainable null
cfdump null
chatops the integration of DevOps processes into a chat system where developers and operations people collaborate.
chardev a custom kernel module communicating with user space in an unstructured way.
chdatastructures for questions related to CHDataStructures, a library of standard data structures for Objective-C.
cassandra-node-driver null
cedar-bdd BDD-style Objective-C testing framework.
cellbrowser null
clpq a Prolog language extension for Constraint Logic Programming over the rationals.
chunkypng null
citrus-engine an open-source ActionScript 3 based community project, designed to let you build games with ease, using popular ActionScript 3 libraries.
laravel-horizon a monitoring and metrics collection and visualization tool for Laravel applications that utilize the framework's queue API
least-astonishment Don't surprise the programmer by behaving/working differently than expected.
jxtaskpane null
kern-invalid-address a generic error that is followed by a specific memory address location.
kotlin-lateinit null
knx a standardized, OSI-based network communications protocol for intelligent buildings.
kodein a dependency injection framework for Kotlin
linqbridge null
lifecycle-hook null
loaderlock The loaderLock managed debugging assistant detects attempts to execute managed code on a thread that holds the Microsoft Windows operating system loader lock.
lxr null
lparam A Windows data type, used as a message parameter.
loop-counter null
makumba a framework for creating scalable and robust data-driven web-applications.
jaxb2-annotate-plugin null
javascript-import null
istool a visual script editor for the Inno Setup compiler.
istorage null
is-uploaded-file null
jasmine-headless-webkit null
internal-representation null
internetsetoption null
ionic.io For questions related to Ionic Framework's cloud platform.
ionic2-tabs null
isspace for languages which provide a function or macro with that name to decide whether characters are white space, such as C or C++.
jplist jPList - jQuery Data Grid Controls
jquery-mobile-checkbox jQuery Mobile Checkbox refers to the checkbox implementation of the jQuery Mobile framework.
jquery-mobile-radio null
jquery-gmap a lightweight jQuery plugin that helps you embed Google Maps into your website.
jikes a Java compiler, first released in April 1997 on the IBM and currently open source.
jing A software to capture or make movie from what is on the computer screen.
jsencrypt null
jquery-mobile-table null
jquery-reel a jQuery plugin which takes an image tag and makes it a live of pre-built animation frames sequence.
jquery-rotate an extension for jQuery to rotate images directly within JavaScript
jtooltip null
jsondoc a java library to generate a documentation for annotated REST-Services.
jsonencoder for `JSONEncoder` questions on Apple platforms.
metamug an API server for building REST APIs
microsoft-search-server null
memcachier null
mcts Microsoft Certified Technology Specialist
mcl null
masterslider a plugin for WordPress and jQuery, to easily build animated content and image slider.
mbrola null
mawk an implementation and fast processor of the AWK programming language.
module-map For questions about Clang modules and module map syntax.
module-packaging null
modelvisual3d null
mkmapcamera An MKMapCamera object describes a virtual camera that you use to define the appearance of the map.
mknetworkengine null
mkusertrackingmode null
mkcoordinatespan a struct used in Map Kit to describe the size of a given area rectangle.
milton an open-source server-side WebDAV API for Java.
mod-userdir an Apache module that provides access to per-user directories using the `http://example.com/~user/` syntax.
morphline an open source framework that supports Hadoop, Flume and Spark applications that extract, transform, and load data into Apache Solr, Apache HBase, HDFS, etc
moquette Moquette aims to be a MQTT compliant broker
moose-technology a platform for software and data analysis.
montgomery-multiplication A modular multiplication algorithm invented by Montgomery that allows modular arithmetic to be performed efficiently when the modulus is large .
msas null
msbuild-projectreference null
nltk-book null
node-gcm null
nonserializedattribute null
notification-icons null
nslinguistictagger null
nslevelindicator a subclass of NSControl that displays a value on a linear scale
neuron-simulator a spiking neural network simulator developed in Yale University in collaboration with Human Brain Project
nitrous null
neocomplete null
neo4j-shell null
name-length Number of characters a name contains.
nameservice null
neatupload The NeatUpload ™ ASP.NET component allows developers to stream uploaded files to storage and allows users to monitor upload progress
nanopb A C library implementing Google's Protocol Buffers data format
mysql-fabric a system for managing a farm of MySQL servers.
mysema null
httpretty a HTTP client mock library for Python 100% inspired on ruby's FakeWeb.
hootsuite A social Media Management tool to manage your social networks, schedule & collaborate content posting, track brand mentions and analyze social media traffic
help-authoring null
hiawatha an open source webserver that focuses on security and ease-of-use.
iclientmessageinspector null
icingaweb2 null
inserter null
import-table null
infinispan-8 null
gitlist A web based git repository viewer.
go-cobra A Commander for modern Go CLI interactions
google-cloud-tools Google Cloud offers a set of tools that you can use to manage resources and applications hosted on Google Cloud Platform
google-cloud-cdn should be used for questions regarding Google Cloud CDN, part of Google Cloud Platform.
hardware-infrastructure null
handset null
hamming-window Window function with coefficients proposed by Richard W
gulp-jasmine a gulp plugin for running Jasmine 2.x tests.
google-pixel null
grails-3.0.10 for version 3.0.10 only, use grails tag for general question about grails Web application framework
groovydsl an IntelliJ framework to define the behaviour of end-user DSLs as script files which are executed by the IDE.
grimport null
epub.js a JavaScript library for rendering ePub documents in the browser, across many devices.
environment-modules an experimental version of the Environment Modules package which provides for the dynamic modification of a user's environment via modulefiles.
enomem Use enomem for questions related to the ENOMEM message which stands for returned by the C runtime library.
encrypted-core-data-sql Encrypted Core Data SQLite provides encrypted storage for persistent core data
expansion-files null
evaluation-function null
drawnow null
ed25519 a public-key signature system.
editline null
formatmessage null
frame-grab null
framework3.5 Microsoft .NET framework version 3.5
frapi a high-level API framework that puts the “rest” back into RESTful
flot.tooltip null
gembox-document a .NET component that enables developers to read, write and convert document files from their .NET applications
gedmo-loggable null
gdata-java-client null
gdr GDR - General Distribution Release
g729 an audio data compression algorithm for voice that compresses digital voice in packets of 10 milliseconds duration.
function-call-operator a construct that allows object to be used like it were a function
fuzzyjoin null
fusedlocationproviderclient null
facebook-debugger null
fantasyland null
faraday-oauth null
fftpack a package of Fortran subprograms for the fast Fourier transform of periodic and other symmetric sequences
fencepost null
fiware-cep Fiware-cep refers to the PROTON-CEP enabler, a Java implementation of a complex event processor service including rules editor and a proactive event processor as a web service having REST API binding …
fixed-size-types Related to fixed-size types
filebuf null
wiris null
wkinterfacebutton An instance of the WKInterfaceButton class implements a button on the interface of a iOS Watch application.
spip a publishing system for the Internet in which great importance is attached to collaborative working, to multilingual environments, and to simplicity of use for web authors.
wm-command null
wmd-markdown null
ncl the NCAR Command Language, developed at the National Center for Atmospheric Research for the purpose of climate data analysis.
nbehave null
mysql-error-1451 MySql error #1451 - Cannot delete or update a parent row: a foreign key constraint fails
mysql-error-150 null
mysql-error-1050 MySQL Error 1050: Table 'database.tablename' already exists
dotnet-restore null
shorten-url null
showuserlocation null
split-function null
spml null
dompi null
spock-reports a plugin for which creates human readable reports
dotmailer null
sigma-grid-control a pure JavaScript widget with Ajax support for displaying and inline editing data in a scrollable and sortable table.
binary-xml null
binmode null
binomial-theorem The binomial theorem describes the algebraic expansion of powers of a polynomial with two terms which is sometimes confused with the binomial formula, binomial expansion, and binomial identity.
sourcesafe-6.0 null
soti null
measurestring null
sonar-gerrit Sonar-Gerrit Jenkins plugin
libical null
glimmer.js a UI library for building powerful and fast custom components, brought to you by the team.
libasound This package contains the ALSA library and its standard plugins, as well as the required configuration files.
dynamic-c A non-standard dialect of C that provides extensions for real-time multitasking , provided by Digi International for Rabbit microprocesso…
visualstategroup null
abandoned-memory not used by the application but has a valid reference to it
aadhaar a 12 digit unique-identity number issued to all Indian residents based on their biometric and demographic data.
7digital an open music platform with the broadest catalogue of fully licensed, high quality music
luaplus The LuaPlus distribution contains some modifications to the core Lua code base.
composite-application a software application built by combining multiple existing functions into a new application
lso null
concrete-syntax-tree intended for questions related to syntax analysis necessary for automated source code refactoring or syntax analysis tool development.
geometrydrawing null
phpdocumenter a tool that makes it possible to generate documentation directly from your PHP source code.
php-pthread an Object Orientated API that allows user-land multi-threading in PHP
torsocks An open-source library to torify your application.
topsy null
initializr an HTML5 templates generator to help you getting started with a new project based on HTML5 Boilerplate
class-designer null
class-dbi null
inline-if null
inlineeditbox for questions related to InlineEditBox, which is best described as a behavior on some text on the page.
android-sql null
android-seek null
android-sourcesets null
assemblyfileversion null
assembly-name null
snomed-ct The Systematized Nomenclature of Medicine Clinical Terms is a comprehensive terminology for recording clinical information.
snapshot-view The Snap feature in Windows 8
snipcart Using simple HTML markup, turn any existing website into an extensive shopping cart platform
extended-precision null
snmpsharpnet null
soap-rpc-encoded null
soap-serialization null
sleekxmpp null
sli null
skygear an open source development kit for mobile, web & IoT apps developed by Oursky.
grunt-express a plugin for gruntjs
slickquiz a jQuery plugin for creating pretty, dynamic quizzes.
mobipocket null
mocha-webpack Precompiles server-side webpack bundles before running mocha
android-hardware-keyboard null
model-binders null
timex null
timing-attack null
timer-trigger null
nonatomic null
nokia-n8 Symbian smartphone.
pix a popular and widely deployed family of hardware firewall products from Cisco Systems.
pivot-grid null
node-windows Questions about node-windows, a utility designed to allow running Node.js as a Windows service.
node-notifier Use for questions regarding use of the Node.js module for sending cross platform system notifications.
cdash an open source, web-based software testing server.
omf OMF is an object file format used primarly for software intended to run under DOS, 16-bit Windows and OS/2.
okular the document viewer for KDE SC 4.
console-redirect null
connect-direct an IBM product for file transfer between mainframes and PCs.
connection-manager Internet connections manager for Linux
sslerrorhandler Tag used by Android in Security Alert messages to developers
sstoolkit a collection of well-documented iOS classes for making life easier by solving common problems all iOS developers face
ecdhe null
echoprint an open source music identification system that allows anyone to build music fingerprinting into their application
eclipse-fragment used to replace or extend the functionality of an existing plug-in
apache-spark-xml null
hygieia a dashboard for DevOps teams that provides a consolidated view of the entire delivery pipeline
moxiemanager a file and image management plugin for PHP and .NET
mozilla-prism an opensource system to bring web applications to the desktop
stackedit a full-featured, open-source Markdown editor based on PageDown, the Markdown library used by Stack Overflow and the other Stack Exchange sites.
fppopover FPPopover provides an alternative to the native iOS UIPopoverController, adding support for iPhone and additional opportunities to customize the look and feel of the popovers
fortumo a payment service provider for mobile carrier billing on Android.
search-keywords null
bronto a cloud-based marketing automation provider and a platform for online and multi-channel retailers to run email marketing and cross-channel marketing campaigns.
brio null
b-prolog a high-performance implementation of the standard Prolog language with several extended features including matching clauses, action rules for event handling, finite-domain constraint solvi…
boxee A software Home Theater PC application, originally a fork of XBMC media center
webodf a javascript library to open and edit open document format files.
weblistener null
numeric-textbox null
ruby-mode null
ruby-2.1.5 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.1.5
rubyamf null
rtw null
flawed-concept null
flatui null
flex2 null
magicalrecord-2.1 null
identity-delegation null
multiscroll.js a jQuery plugin to create divided scrolling websites with two vertical scrolling panels.
idx a software API used to publish Real Estate MLS listings data to the web
google-maps-android-api-1 null
google-input-tools an input method editor which allows users to enter text in any of the supported languages using a Latin keyboard
springloops null
spring-modules Modules for the Spring application development framework.
spring-filter null
jquery-flexbox a plugin that allows you to replace the default HTML text fields and dropdown fields.
jquery-filer jQuery.filer - Simple HTML5 file uploader, a plugin tool for jQuery which change completely file input and make it with multiple file selection, drag&drop support, different validations, thumbnails, i…
unity-test-framework a unit test framework written entirely in the C language
universal-code null
unite.vim The unite or unite.vim plug-in can search and display information from arbitrary sources like files, buffers, recently used files or registers
unionfs a filesystem service for Linux, FreeBSD and NetBSD which implements a union mount for other file systems.
java-persistence-api a Java specification for accessing, persisting, and managing data between Java objects / classes and a relational database
system2 null
systemml for questions about SystemML's declarative large-scale machine learning
auto-import the act of importing data, settings or projects automatically to the user's environment
dawg a data structure for storing a set of strings
facebook-graph-api-v2.5 Questions regarding Facebook's Graph API's version v2.5
vstest.console null
cuba a Ruby microframework for web development.
csvde a Windows command which imports or exports user data from the Active Directory server.
scalajs-bundler Questions related to scalajs-bundler.
sbt-buildinfo sbt plugin to generate Scala source from your build definitions.
docker-entrypoint null
desktop-integration null
desktop-background null
design-consideration null
getsystemmetrics null
git-cherry Git command that lists revisions not merged to upstream .
illegal-instruction null
imagehandler null
image-resolution should be used for questions about image resolution.
battlenet-api null
minimalmodbus null
misuse Computer misuse involves making viruses, hacking, stealing other's data, creating fake websites and internet fraud
ansi-common-lisp a synonym for common-lisp.
ansicon ANSICON provides ANSI escape sequences for Windows console programs
anonymous-recursion recursion which does not explicitly call a function by name
animatorset null
liveview Xcode's liveview provides a way to directly render an Obj-C or Swift code into the Interface Builder.
lita a framework for writing a chat bot in the Ruby programming language.
fileparse null
gwt-syncproxy GWT uses asynchronous RPC between client and RemoteService servlet
jbig2 An image compression standard for bi-level images that can be compress images up to 10x smaller than with TIFF G4
tfs-to-tfs-migration-tool null
jcaps Java Composite Application Platform Suite is Sun Microsystem software suite for service-oriented application architecture.
uitextchecker check a string for misspelled words.
webalizer a free web server log file analysis program
ultidev a company making redistributable web server software and other products for developers of web applications that need to be installed on end-users' premises
highlightjs A JavaScript-based syntax highlighting library
openoffice-api null
object-initializer null
mojoportal an open source content management system and web site framework for .NET plateform on Windows or Mono on Linux.
esb-toolkit-2.1 Microsoft ESB Toolkit 2.1
zsh-alias Questions about aliasing in the zsh Unix shell.
arrow-python a Python library that offers a sensible, human-friendly approach to creating, manipulating, formatting and converting dates, times, and timestamps
array-sum null
zend-xmlrpc Zend Framework provides support for both consuming remote XML-RPC services and building new XML-RPC servers.
python4delphi set of open source components for Delphi, which allow to embed Python engine into Delphi programs.
pystache a Python implementation of the Mustache templating language.
defn null
xip.io null
xfermode The Android Xfermode series of enumerations specify the ways in which bitmap data can be transferred and blended with existing data on a canvas.
xhp a PHP extension which augments the syntax of the language such that XML document fragments become valid PHP expressions
xlslib a multiplatform C++ library for dynamic generation of Excel .xls files
drizzle a transactional, relational, community-driven open-source database that is forked from the popular MySQL database.
drools-kie-workbench null
boost-context a foundational library that provides a sort of cooperative multitasking on a single thread
jrecord null
rcloud Collaborative environment for big data analytics and visualization.
jquery-ui-multiselect MultiSelect progessively enhances an ordinary multiple select control into elegant drop down list of checkboxes, stylable with ThemeRoller.
pgu a python library that builds on top of PyGame
organized null
pessimistic null
application-role Application Role in Databases, especially in MSSQL Server
ortc a free, open project that enables mobile endpoints to talk to servers and web browsers with Real-Time Communications capabilities via native and simple Javascript APIs
os-agnostic Programs, scripts or procedures that work the same way regardless of the underlying operating system.
actian Use for questions related to Actian Corporation tools including Actian Vector Analytics Database, Actian NoSQL Object Database, Actian Zen Embedded Database, Actian X Hybrid OLTP and Analytic Database…
actionscript-1 a scripting language used by Adobe software
app-route an element that enables declarative, self-describing routing for a web app.
gosublime a Golang plugin collection for the text editor SublimeText 2 providing code completion and other IDE-like features.
gopacket null
fontastic Fontastic allows rapid creation of custom icon fonts.
font-replacement null
maven-plugin-development null
angularjs-new-router A new router for Angular 1.4 and 2.0 using components
persisted-column null
fmle null
flynn An open source platform as a service that runs and scales applications and highly available databases on any infrastructure.
jmspaymentpaypalbundle null
restforce null
jmathplot From website
uptime-monitoring A nodejs tool for monitoring the uptime of web sites.
typed-dataset null
typeinitializer null
typescript-decorator null
peakutils Questions related to the python PeakUtils library
pep3118 the Revised Buffer Protocol for the C-API.
android-activitymanager null
mapster an open source object mapper for the .Net framework.
redislabs a company that offer cloud service about Redis and Memcached
red5-recorder an open source video flex flash recorder and player
viewwilldisappear null
viewlets parts of the page in page rendering process
parameterinfo null
servicemodelex An extension to Microsoft's WCF by IDesign
logiql a declarative programming language that extends Datalog.
windows-performance-analyzer a tool from Windows SDK/ Windows Performance Kit to open and analyze ETW log file with the file extension .ETL
fastparse a parser-combinator library for Scala that lets you quickly and easily write recursive descent parsers in Scala.
fastroute null
html.checkbox used to let user select one or more alternatives
at-sign null
attachment-field Microsoft Office Access 2007 has attachment field type that supports attaching files and graphics to the records in your database.
intel-pmu Questions related to the use of the Intel Performance Management Unit, which provides performance counters related to the performance of currently executing code.
intel-media-sdk a cross-platform API for developing media applications on Windows and Linux
httpfs a server that provides a REST HTTP gateway supporting all HDFS File System operations
http-auth Node.js package for HTTP basic and digest access authentication.
pushapps Third-party library to integrate push notifications into Android apps, instead of using the default Android API for managing push notifications
transparent-control null
public-members null
text2image null
query-timeout null
testswarm Automated distributed continuous integration for JavaScript
test-results null
rakudo-star a distribution of rakudo, and bundles the rakudo Perl 6 compiler, the Parrot virtual machine, many modules, and documentation, including the latest draft of a book on Perl 6.
rails-roar Resource-Oriented Architectures in Ruby on Rails.
qcursor The QCursor class provides a mouse cursor with an arbitrary shape.
qfuture a class from the Qt Toolkit which represents the result of an asynchronous computation.
pyxll PyXLL - Create Excel addins using Python
countable null
pytumblr a Python Tumblr API v2 Client.
couchbase-nodejs-sdk null
sua SUA stands for Subsystem for Unix-based Applications.
capstone a lightweight multi-platform, multi-architecture disassembly framework.
structure-packing zen and art of reducing memory size of data structures, primarily in C and C++ code
stx STX refers to the Streaming Transformations for XML language http://stx.sourceforge.net/ and should be used on questions related to the usage of the language.
msinfo32 null
ms-project-server-2016 null
data-lineage null
veeam null
vector-clock an algorithm for partial event ordering in distributed Systems
vc90 null
invantive-query-tool a Windows query program for traditional databases as well as cloud-based applications using REST and XML
qtranslator a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides internationalization support for text output.
xamarin-component null
display-suite null
qshareddata a base class for shared data objects.
line-api a proprietary application for instant communications on electronic devices such as smartphones, tablet computers and personal computers
wxstring null
line-spacing null
io-socket IO::Socket - Object interface to socket communications
ios-lifecycle Questions regarding the lifecycle of iOS apps .
ios-messages-extension null
azure-data-catalog an enterprise-wide metadata catalog that makes data source discovery trivial.
azure-data-factory-2 null
angular2-styleguide null
angular2-custom-component for questions regarding creating a custom component in Angular 2.
react-native-0.46 null
django-request null
django-model-utils Django model mixins and utilities
django-localflavor questions regarding Django's packages, which offer additional functionality for particular countries or cultures.
django-ratings null
bleu an algorithm for evaluating the quality of text which has been machine-translated from one natural language to another.
bleno null
django-evolution an extension to Django that allows you to track changes in your models over time, and to update the database to reflect those changes.
codeigniter-a3m A CodeIgniter Account Authentication & Authorization package to accelerate development using OpenID & Oauth
multicol null
prototype-chosen a JavaScript plugin that makes long, unwieldy select boxes much more user-friendly
prototypal null
prose a content editor for GitHub designed for managing websites.
netlib a collection of mathematical software, papers, and databases.
right-aws null
cocoapods-1.2 the dependency manager for Cocoa projects
fsutil a Windows command which performs FAT and NTFS file system tasks, such as dismounting a volume, setting the dirty-bit of a volume, or setting a range of files to zeroes.
fuelphp-routing a flexible PFP5 web framework.
jsr170 JSR 170 specifies a standard API to access content repositories in Java
hdl-coder a MATLAB module that converts MATLAB code into HDL code.
hd44780 null
hasp HASP - Hardware Against Software Piracy
yoothemes Professional Joomla templates and WordPress themes.
wsdl2php wsdl2php creates PHP objects from WSDLs
wssf Web Service Software Factory
xcplayground a module for Swift Playgrounds that was introduced in XCode 6 and subsequently deprecated in Xcode 7.
xmlignore a Boolean property for XML object in applications that gets or sets a value that specifies whether or not the XmlSerializer serializes a public field or public read/write property.
xmlinclude null
xmobar a lightweight, text-based, status bar written in Haskell
lamson Python SMTP Server that uses a modern web application framework design
common-code null
cloud-haskell null
enterprise-architecture null
clojure-repl null
cloud-automation-manager to ask questions about the IBM Cloud Automation Manager product running on the IBM Cloud Private platform
backquote null
layerkit the iOS SDK for interacting with the Layer communications cloud
cross-device null
reltool an application in Erlang/OTP for creating releases and target systems.
apigee127 null
app.net a subscription-based social network and API.
azure-stack null
babel-plugin-react-intl Extracts string messages from React components that use React Intl https://github.com/yahoo/babel-plugin-react-intl
b B was a language briefly used before the language C was designed.
odatalib ODataLib provides building blocks for the parts of the OData protocol that are hard to get right.
babeltrace an open source trace format converter.
ng-container null
react-native-popup-menu extensible popup menu component for React Native for both Android and iOS
new-webserviceproxy null
authlogic-oid null
angular-touch This Javascript module for AngularJS provides touch events and other helpers for touch-enabled devices.
fciv The File Checksum Integrity Verifier is a utility from Microsoft for checking hashes of files.
laravel-schema-builder null
safari7 Safari 7 for OS X Mavericks and Safari 6.1 were released along with OS X Mavericks in an Apple special event on October 22, 2013.
odoo-mobile Odoo Mobile framework: An open source mobile application development framework with Odoo integration
s4sdk SAP S/4HANA Cloud SDK provides you out-of-the-box capabilities, such as an abstraction of the underlying cloud platform implementation, fault-tolerance, cache management,etc
pyez a Python library to remotely manage/automate Junos devices via SSH/Telnet/Serial connections.
autodesk-bim360 null
pykde PyKDE provides KDE UI support for Python.
pyke a metaprogramming engine for Python which introduces a form of logic programming by providing a knowledge-based inference engine written in 100% Pytho…
doctrine2-postgres Version 2 of the Doctrine ORM used with postgreSQL
powershellget the Package Manager Manager for PowerShell modules.
portable-database null
plistbuddy null
phonegap-admob null
photo-management null
php-ci Questions related to php continuous integration should use this tag.
pint a Python units library to perform calculations with physical quantities
proxy-protocol null
pthread-key-create null
pychecker null
pychef A Python API for interacting with a Chef server
python-cloudant null
python-crfsuite null
power-state null
otapi a plugin API exposed by the Delphi and C++ Builder IDE, allowing the IDE to host plugins.
oracle-export-dump for questions about data exported from an Oracle database.
oracle-cloud-infrastructure Oracle's Cloud IaaS and PaaS solution
optimistic-ui null
openmaptiles null
opengl-to-opengles for question related to porting OpenGL to OpenGL ES or compatibility between these APIs.
one-time-binding null
online-algorithm null
online-storage null
opencyc your gateway to the full power of Cyc, the world's largest and most complete general knowledge base and commonsense reasoning engine
octobercms-widgets null
oneget PS C:\> Import-Module .\OneGet.psd1 PS C:\> Find-Package -Name zoomit -AllVersions
perfecto Perfecto offers development and testing tools for web and native apps, through a cloud-based test environment called the Continuous Quality Lab
paypal-plus null
payment-request-api null
payola for accepting payments with stripe in Rails applications.
pageheap Image execution option in Windows placing invalid memory page after every heap allocation.
pagekit For programming questions about the Pagekit CMS.
page-loading-message null
outlook.application Use to focus your question on the use of an Outlook.Application object outside of Outlook's own VBA
pacman-package-manager a simple library-based package manager used in some Linux distributions, e.g
sass-lint null
sas-stored-process null
rudp In computer networking, the Reliable User Datagram Protocol is a transport layer protocol designed at Bell Labs for the Plan 9 operating system
rubypython a bridge between the Ruby and Python interpreters.
rro Revolution R Open, an enhanced distribution of
rowexpansion null
server2go a freeware WAMPP server-stack that runs out of the box without any installation and on write protected media.
selenium-builder An Integrated Development Environment for Selenium to create, develop, and run tests.
settingslogic null
selectcheckboxmenu null
scrollable-table null
revoscaler null
right-mouse-button null
resonance-audio Spatial audio SDK by Google for developing immersive VR, AR, gaming, or video experiences.
resharper-8.1 a refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012 and 2013
resharper-c++ a productivity tool extension for C++ development in Microsoft Visual Studio.
rentrez Provides an R interface to the NCBI's EUtils API allowing users to search databases like GenBank and PubMed, process the results of those searches and pull data into their R sessions.
reference-source null
remodal Fast, responsive, lightweight, css-animation synchronized jQuery plugin
recommender-systems null
recent-documents null
redux-orm null
recordtype null
qt-slot null
qtwebsockets a module from the Qt Toolkit which provides interfaces that enable Qt applications to act as a server that can process WebSocket requests, or a client that can consume data received fr…
qt-vs-addin null
qlcdnumber a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a widget that displays a number with LCD-like digits.
qlocale a class from the Qt Toolkit which converts between numbers and their string representations in various languages.
radosgw an HTTP REST gateway for the RADOS object store, a part of the Ceph distributed storage system
racerjs a realtime model synchronization engine for Node.js.
realplayer a browser plugin which supports streaming of the proprietary RealAudio and RealVideo media formats.
realm-net for content related to the .NET/Xamarin version of Realm.io .
rational-performance-test IBM's offering in the load testing tool space
ravendb4 RavenDB in version 4.0
raygun.io Automatic error tracking and crash reporting - raygun.io
raymarching null
rawurl null
raw-loader null
tomcat-dbcp null
tomcat5 Version 5.x of the Apache Tomcat servlet container
tpkeyboardavoiding null
tigris null
tilecache null
tlbexp a tool automatically installed with Visual Studio, which generates a type library that describes the types defined in a common language runtime assembly.
tizen-sdb a command line tool for emulator/device management for Tizen platform
tizen-sdk null
trait-objects null
transactional-database a database in which CRUD operations must be done within an atomic, consistent, isolated and durable processing model.
truss null
unary-function null
unaccent null
updatepanel-progressbar null
userjs a name for Opera's userscript support
user-customization null
uiactionsheetdelegate deprecated in iOS 8
uci an open communication protocol that enables a chess program's engine to communicate with its user interface.
war-filedeployment related to deploying a web application bundle to any application server e.g
voluptuous a data validation library for Python
vmmap a process virtual and physical memory analysis utility.
visio-2010 Microsoft Visio is a diagramming and vector graphics application and is part of the Microsoft Office suite.
viennacl ViennaCL is, according to its website, a free open-source linear algebra library for computations on many-core architectures and multi-core CPUs
vertx-verticle null
vertexdata null
vertical-partitioning null
vertex-buffer-objects null
varybyparam null
webcontext null
wcf-faults null
webcola a JavaScript constraint based layout for high-quality graph visualization and exploration using D3.js and other web-based graphics libraries.
watson-knowledge-studio null
wbr indicate places where a useragent may elect to break a long word for rendering purposes.
webinar transmitted over the Web.
websphere-6 a software product that performs the role of a web application server
websphere-process-server part of IBM Business Process Manager suite
windows-socket-api null
windows-1251 a popular 8-bit character encoding, designed to cover languages that use the Cyrillic script such as Russian, Bulgarian, Serbian Cyrillic and other languages
wincc a SCADA and HMI system from Siemens that comes with VBScript, VBA and ANSI C programming APIs
wildfly-cluster null
sysex null
sysdatetime null
taskservice null
tcanvas TCanvas provides an abstract drawing space for objects that must render their own images.
tibco-designer null
tibco-gi a commercial Ajax solution sold by TIBCO for rapidly building and deploying rich internet applications , Ajax components, and that l…
term-vectors null
swfmill a free software command line tool that generates files
symmetric-difference The symmetric difference of two sets consists of those elements that are present in either set, but not in both.
stdoptional In C++ the std::optional class template represents an optional value, i.e
steam-condenser a multi-language library for querying the Steam Community, Source and GoldSrc game servers as well as the Steam master servers
state.go null
string-metric a value that measures the similarity between two strings.
strobe-media-playback an Open Source Media Framework based media player that you can quickly and easily integrate into your website.
spark-kaka null
spark-ada a programming language developed to allow formal proof of the absence of run-time errors
spreedly null
stacktrace.js Framework-agnostic, micro-library for getting stack traces in all web browsers.
spuser Represents a user in Microsoft SharePoint Foundation.
spying null
sqlcl a command line interface for Oracle databases.
sitefinity-3x used to signify questions related to Sitefinity CMS before its rewrite in version 4
sitemapnode null
sitefinity-feather null
simple.odata.client null
shift-reduce null
sheetrock null
six-python a Python 2 and 3 compatibility library
sizehint null
smart-listing SmartListing helps creating AJAX-enabled lists of ActiveRecord collections or arrays with pagination, filtering, sorting and in-place editing.
smallcheck a testing library that allows to verify properties for all test cases up to some depth
slsvcutil null
smaato a SaaS that helps mobile app developers and publishers make more ad revenue worldwide
smart-commits Smart commits allow people committing in repository to perform actions such as transitioning JIRA issues or creating Crucible code reviews by embedding specific commands into their commit messages.
small-business-server Microsoft Windows Small Business Server , now called Windows Server Essentials
skinny-war a WAR that does not have all of its dependencies in WEB-INF/lib
smartview Samsung Smart View App
sofia-sip an open-source SIP User-Agent library, compliant with the IETF RFC3261 specification.
sharpnlp a collection of natural language processing tools written in C#
sharpffmpeg a C# binding of ffmpeg
shoretel Questions relating to the ShoreTel IP phone system and APIs.
shiva3d a 3d game engine and editor used for creating games and simulations that can be exported to many platforms
sijax a Python/jQuery library designed to help you easily bring AJAX to your application.
silverlight-2-rc0 null
silverlightcontrols null
sitecore-lucene null
sprof null
sqlsoup null
spreadjs a comprehensive spreadsheet component for JavaScript
spoken-language null
spark-jdbc null
specialized-annotation null
strong-soap node module useful for invoking SOAP based web services
strstream null
swagger-play2 a module to support the play2 framework from playframework
svn-copy null
subdomain-fu null
thttpd a simple, small, portable, fast, and secure HTTP server.
texture-packing for questions related to texture packing, an algorithm that computes a texture atlas.
system-stored-procedures Pre-compiled and pre-designed subroutines available to applications to access specific system level details
winbgi emulation of Borland's BGI
windb null
windows-client null
winqual null
webgl-earth an open-source virtual globe made with HTML5 and Canvas WebGL technology
watson-explorer used to build end-user applications for enterprise search and text analytics on a wide variety of data sources and types.
watchos-simulator null
watchr null
value-categories a taxonomy in C++ to classify expressions
video-effects null
virtualscroll null
virtualquery null
vmdk null
vmime null
voice-detection Recognizing human voices in audio data.
uccapi null
two-step-verification a method of confirming a user's claimed identity by utilizing a combination of two different components
udb null
ueberauth null
uipi User Interface Privilege Isolation implements restrictions in the windows subsystem that prevents lower-privilege applications from sending window messages or installing hooks in higher-privile…
usb-modeswitch switch mode of USB devices
user-information-list null
user-config null
user-defined-data-types null
updatebatchsize null
unicast null
twitter-recess is a code quality tool for CSS built on top of LESS developed at Twitter to support their internal styleguide
twisted.words null
rawbytestring null
rbenv-gemset an extension for the rbenv ruby version manager that allows you to use sandboxed collections of gems
radscheduleview null
qkeysequence The QKeySequence class, part of the Qt framework, encapsulates a key sequence as used by shortcuts.
qjsonobject The QJsonObject class encapsulates a JSON object, where the keys are unique strings and the values are represented by a QJsonValue.
qi4j a framework for domain centric application development, including evolved concepts from AOP, DI and DDD.
que a postgres-based background worker library for Ruby.
queryanalyzer null
red-system a domain-specific dialect of the Red language, which is used as the Intermediate Language for Red
real-time-systems null
remote-login open remote webpages by both GET and POST methods
referential referring to the referential integrity concept of relationel databases.
resolv null
resharper-9.1 null
respondcms null
reverseprojection null
scriptservice null
scroll-snap-points null
scollector null
scnlight null
scep null
scct a code coverage tool for Scala.
searchactivity null
sdhc null
scrubyt null
setneedsdisplayinrect null
setdlldirectory locate DLLs for the application.
setimmediate Node JS's SetImmediate schedules the execution of the callback after I/O events' callbacks and before timers created using setTimeout and setInterval are triggered
sharepoint-security null
sgmlreader a .NET library for parsing HTML/SGML files using the XmlReader API
selectonelistbox null
self-documenting-code null
servemux an HTTP request multiplexer
row-major-order null
rs.exe The rs.exe utility processes script you provide in an input file
roadkill-wiki an open source .NET 4 Wiki engine.
rnoaa An R package to download several datasets from NOAA.
r-mapview An R package that provides methods for interactive plotting of spatial objects from the sp and raster packages.
running-object-table A central table listing all running com objects
runtimemodification null
salt-creation null
sails-redis Sails/Waterline adapter for Redis.
sas-ds2 a language in the SAS system which permits data step-like processing within an object oriented framework
saslidemenu A simple library to create sliding menus that can be used in storyboards and support static cells.
out-gridview Out-GridView PowerShell cmdlet sends the output from a command to a grid view window where the output is displayed in an interactive table.
ounit a unit test framework for OCaml loosely based on HUnit, a unit testing framework for Haskell.
oursql a set of MySQL bindings for python with a focus on wrapping the MYSQL_STMT API to provide real parameterization and real server-side cursors.
parchment null
parcelfiledescriptor null
paypal-mobile-sdk null
particle.io an internet of Things company that offers cloud-connected devices and services
percona-xtradb-cluster null
periodformatter null
opencv-features2d Must be used for extracting features from an image using OpenCV
on-lisp Paul Graham's On Lisp covers a number advanced Lisp programming techniques
onix the global XML standard format for transmitting title information .
openflashchart2 null
oracle-home null
otcl null
powershell-provider a Windows PowerShell feature that exposes objects and operations as a file system within the PowerShell environment
predicatewithformat null
precompiled-templates null
prolog-coroutining Coroutining in Prolog permits to dynamically reorder the execution of goals.
project-web-access null
project-structuring null
project-conversion null
projectitem null
python-huey Distributed task queue framework for python.
pybuffer Shorthand name for the Python buffer interface, so named for the `Py_buffer` struct used throughout.
pstricks null
proxy.pac null
prometheus-operator Kubernetes operator to create/configure/manage Prometheus clusters atop Kubernetes.
pseudolocalization A method for exposing localization bugs before the actual translation work has begun
ps4 a home video game console developed by Sony Interactive Entertainment, formerly Sony Computer Entertainment
prunsrv a service application for running applications as services
picture-in-picture is for Apple's Safari 10 browser, where you can take the HTML5 video in too a mode called picture-in-picture
phonegap-gmaps-plugin when you ask a question about the cordova-plugin-googlemaps: https://github.com/mapsplugin/cordova-plugin-googlemaps
perl-html-template Perl modules that provide a template language for HTML generation.
phantomjs-node The wrapper for PhantomJS library
pip3 null
plugin-pattern null
pls null
png-transparency null
powershell-hosting null
portletbridge Portlet bridge acts as an translation engine between portal environment and Java web framework to allow portlet development in desired Java framework and not in portal technology itself.
python-netifaces null
pyforms a cross-enviroment framework to develop GUI applications, which promotes modular software design and code reusability with minimal effort.
pyinvoke a Python tool and library for task execution, similar to Make or Rake.
pyisapie null
safari10 Safari version 10.0 released at October 31, 2017, use this tag in addition of safari tag when you want to ask specific question related with this version.
amazon-firehose null
fcmp the SAS function compilation language, allowing users to write functions and subroutines that can be used in SAS data steps, DS2 packages, and certain proc steps.
feathers-hook null
feature-tracking a fundamental part in computer-vision and consists in extracting information from images from a video that is likely to be tracked from frame to frame.
nhibernate-burrow A NHibernate contribution which provides smart session management for ASP.Net applications
babel-plugin-react-css-modules null
azure-webjobs-continuous null
react-universal null
app2sd null
iosurface null
iot-for-automotive a Bluemix service for retrieving, managing, and analyzing big data from connected vehicles
angular-data the full data store that supports collections and communicating with persistence layers.
credssp a new Security Support Provider that is available in Windows XP SP3 by using the Security Support Provider Interface .
creation-pattern null
cross-page-postback null
static-if null
backbone-paginator a set of paginating components for collections of data using Backbone.js.
statusnet null
layout-engine null
reliable-multicast a computer networking protocol that provides a reliable sequence of packets to multiple recipients simultaneously
relativedelta null
relate null
back-projection The back-projection step can be visualized as a set of rays with base ad−1 and which are extended from projections The value of a voxel on the grid of the reconstructed structure is the sum of the ray…
backupexec a proprietary backup software developed since 2005 by Symantec.
bacnet4j A high-performance implementation of the BACnet I/P protocol written for Java.
clj-kafka null
clockrates null
clocks null
entity-framework-core-migrations null
langohr a Clojure RabbitMQ client with an API that reflects the AMQP protocol.
la-clojure The Clojure plugin for JetBrains' IDE .
label-for used for specifying the ID of the input, to which the label is given.
kronos-wfc A cloud-based suite of employee-management software
kube-aws null
telerik-radribbonbar null
xtraeditors null
xcore an extended concrete syntax for Ecore that, in combination with Xbase, transforms it into a fully fledged programming language with high quality tools reminiscent of the Java Development Tool…
xcode-plugin null
wwan null
wsacleanup null
yolk Command-line tool for querying PyPI and Python packages installed on your system.
yt-project a python library and toolkit for analyzing and visualizing volumetric data
yui-editor null
hasura null
zwoptex a 2D sprite-packing tool suitable for game designers.
zeit-pkg This command line interface enables you to package your Node.js project into an executable that can be run even on devices without Node.js installed.
funambol the leading mobile cloud sync solution
fsxaml F# Tools for working with XAML Projects.
fts5 null
cocotb a COroutine based COsimulation TestBench environment for verifying VHDL/Verilog RTL using Python.
richpush null
netiq a security management software company
nethack Single-player roguelike video game originally released in 1987 with ASCII graphics
netmodules null
nested-select used when some select query is used under a select query like SELECT * FROM
multibox null
propertyconfigurator null
codea a coding app for iPad based on the Lua programming language
django-lfs Lightning Fast Shop, Django e-commerce application
azerty-keyboard null
iosched the officlial Google I/O App for Android
line-processing null
line-through null
link-checking null
linkedin-gem The LinkedIn gem provides an easy-to-use wrapper for LinkedIn's REST APIs.
lighty null
qsplashscreen The QSplashScreen widget provides a splash screen that can be shown during application startup.
xaml-resources null
x-callback-url The goal of the x-callback-url specification is to provide a standardized means for iOS developers to expose and document the methods they make available to other apps.
disconnected-session null
invalid-object-name null
qtime The QTime class provides clock time functions in Qt Framework.
qt-faststart null
vc10 An acronym for Microsoft Visual C++ 2010.
vb-power-pack null
vector-space null
vera++ a static analyzer for C++.
msmqbinding null
msgfmt null
ms-reports null
mts Microsoft Transaction Server was a COM-based transaction processing system for developing, deploying, and managing network applications.
mt940 a banking international standard used for the paperless transmission of account information
mtasc null
struts2-bootstrap-plugin A Plugin for simple Bootstrap CSS Framework integration into Struts2.
iron-elements null
captured-variable null
canutils a set of tools that are used for testing, logging and debugging SocketCAN applications in a Linux environment.
campfire null
canalyzer null
corrupted-state-exception null
corporate-policy null
qglviewer QGLViewer allows people programming in OpenGL to play around with three dimensional scenes or to write software that uses OpenGL.
transitional null
rails-for-zombies the online code school for learning Ruby on Rails at http://railsforzombies.org/
texlipse an Eclipse plug-in for maintaining LaTeX files and outputs in sync
punbb a fast and lightweight PHP-powered discussion board
pubchem Free database of chemical structures of small organic molecules and information on their biological activities
tree-rotation an operation on a binary tree that changes the structure without interfering with the order of the elements.
pure-js a simple and ultra-fast templating tool for generating HTML from an HTML template and JSON data
push-queue A queue system whose subscribers can listen for messages, rather than poll periodically.
httpbuilder-ng a modern updated version of the HttpBuilder project which provides a unified and friendly DSL for Groovy in on top of an Http Client
intel-xdk-contacts Access the default contacts database on a device from an application
intellij-17 null
fbloginview null
atom-beautify null
ng-lightning null
ngx-http-rewrite-module a default module that implements if-statements, rewrite directives and allows URL manipulation in nginx with the help of PCRE regular expressions
ngtoast package manager for angularjs
windows-embedded-8 null
fastutil a collection of type-specific Java classes that extend the Java Collections Framework by providing several containers, such as maps, sets, lists and prority queues, implementing the interf…
hpcc High-Performance Computing Cluster also known as DAS , is an open source , data-intensive computing system platform similar to Hadoop developed by LexisNexis…
hp-exstream a multichannel customer communication management solution.
hslf the Apache POI Project's pure Java implementation of the Microsoft Powerpoint '97 file format
logitech-gaming-software Logitech Gaming Software lets you customize Logitech G gaming mice, keyboards and headsets.
firefox-57+ Firefox 57 marks a major change in Firefox development, breaking most of the add-on/extension code written for older versions of Firefox.
firefox-addon-bootstrap Firefox Bootstrapped extensions
iphone-3g the second version of the iPhone released by Apple, Inc
parameter-sets null
lodash-es null
parallel-streams null
android-bottom-nav-view null
redis-rails null
redirectwithcookies null
redips.drag a JavaScript drag and drop library focused on dragging table content and table rows.
mappedby null
mapmyfitness A set of Apis from mapmyfitness.com now Under Armour Connected Fitness Developer API.
marathontesting Opensource Java GUI Testing Tool
pen-tablet null
map-basic a programming language for the creation of additional tools and functionality for the GIS application MapInfo Professional
pdh a telecommunication technology used to transport large amount of data through some advanced digital communication mediums like Optical fibers and microwave s…
typeset null
selflanguage a prototype-based dynamic object-oriented programming language, environment, and virtual machine centered around the principles of simplicity, uniformity, concreteness, and liveness.
semantic-comparison a library for comparing objects for semantic equality.
semaphore-ci a CI service for open source and private projects
gpudirect Tag for NVIDIA GPUDirect
google-app-engine-launch null
google-appengine-node null
google-api-explorer null
restartmanager null
jncryptor a Java library that simplifies encrypting data with AES
forcats an R package for working with categorical variables , and part of the tidyverse collection of packages.
folksonomy null
google-web-starter-kit A mobile-first, responsive, and performance proven framework for developing the modern web from Google
application-size for questions related to the size of an application.
osx-extensions Related to the new OS X extensions.
pfbc Object-oriented php class that promotes rapid development of HTML forms through an object-oriented PHP framework.
pgmagick a GraphicsMagick binding for Python.
pg-hba.conf null
jquery-triggerhandler null
jrecorder null
rust-rocket A Rust web framework that uses unstable nightly features to provide a highly ergonomic and type-safe experience.
pyprocessing It provides a Python package that creates an environment for graphics applications that closely resembles that of the Processing system.
wrds-compusat the award-winning research platform and business intelligence tool for over 30,000 corporate, academic, government and nonprofit clients at over 375 institutio…
worklight-cli The IBM Worklight command-line interface tool allows to easily create and manage both native and hybrid apps.
wowslider null
boost-beast a C++ header-only library serving as a foundation for writing interoperable networking libraries by providing low-level HTTP/1, WebSocket, and networking protocol vocabulary types and algorit…
chilkat-email null
oodb null
openal-soft a cross-platform, software implementation of OpenAL 3D audio API.
opal-framework an OPen, extensible Analysis Library for Java bytecode written in Scala.
streamingmarkupbuilder A builder class used for creating XML document markup
strcat-s a proposed safer version of strcat
drupal-cache the use of a faster data store to improve response time, by reducing the amount of processing.
dropify a jQuery plugin with overrides the input file controls with style
droplet null
droptarget null
aria-live null
ar-mailer null
nsmutableorderedset null
nsprintinfo null
array-view a C++ class template that is a non-owning reference to an array.
swiftyuserdefaults a modern Swift API for NSUserDefaults
object-equality null
object-test-bench null
sine-wave null
sis SIS stands for Software Installation Script
simplepager null
high-volume null
webchannelfactory null
three-valued-logic null
jboss-amq a high performance, flexible, cost-effective messaging platform that delivers information safely and reliably and enables Internet of Things
jdownloader open source, platform independent, and written completely in Java
tv-tuner null
jbi a specification developed under the Java Community Process for an approach to implementing a service-oriented architecture .
thinkphp a Chinese PHP framework
ttlauncheritem null
adobe-bridge A commercial media manager published by Adobe Systems
gwt-test-utils a Java testing framework for GWT applications
hadoop2.7.3 an Apache open-source project that provides software for reliable and scalable distributed computing.
hadoop3 Use for questions specific to Apache Hadoop 3.0 features
gwt-dispatch gwt-dispatch implements a reusable 'command pattern' API for GWT
file-icons null
file-dependancy null
llvm-py a Python wrapper around the LLVM C++ library.
animsition A jQuery plugin for CSS animated page transitions
annotatorjs null
mission-critical a term that refers to something that is indispensable.
misfire-instruction null
minimumosversion null
beautytips a jQuery plugin which uses the <canvas> HTML element to make tooltips.
beanstalkc a simple Python client library for beanstalkd, a work queue daemon.
image-graphviz null
git-branch-sculpting Sculpting Git branches into various shapes and trees is an art
gitbucket a Git platform powered by Scala with easy installation, high extensibility & github API compatibility.
getwindowlong null
gexperts a free set of tools built to increase the productivity of Delphi and C++Builder programmers by adding several features to the IDE
requests-per-second null
report-viewer2016 null
sbt-aspectj sbt plugin for weaving with aspectj.
csv-write-stream null
vstesthost null
facebook-ios-sdk-4.0 null
facilities null
facebook-public-feed-api null
datumbox should only been used for Datumbox's Machine Learning Framework related questions.
dayofmonth null
dbext a vim plugin containing functions/mappings/commands to enable Vim to access several databases.
dbms-crypto DBMS_CRYPTO provides an interface to encrypt and decrypt stored data, and can be used in conjunction with PL/SQL programs running network communications.
dbmetal null
dbms-redefinition An Oracle package that enables the online redefinition of objects.
autofactory null
autorepeat null
system-generator null
system-f null
nscala-time null
nsattributedstringkey null
controlling null
java-pair-rdd In Spark Java API RDDs of key-value pairs are represented by the JavaPairRDD
java-deployment-toolkit a set of JavaScript functions that can help developers deploy rich Internet applications consistently across various browser and operating system configurations…
uninstallstring null
unity-ui to ask question related to Unity3d User Interface System
spring-surf a scriptable Web framework that powers the presentation tier rendering capabilities of applications in the Alfresco application suite.
spring-security-test null
multivariate-partition null
icontact an international online service provider of email marketing and social media marketing.
mailsystem.net a suite of .NET components that provide users with an extensive set of email tools
mailsettings null
mail-mime null
uielementcollection Represents an ordered collection of UIElement objects.
uibaritem an abstract superclass for items added to a bar that appears at the bottom of the screen
uialertviewcontroller null
flatfiledestination null
gridlength null
scriptdom The Microsoft.SqlServer.TransactSql.ScriptDom namespace provides Microsoft SQL Server-specific Parser and Script Generator support.
scosta a national standard by India for a smart card operating system
webkit-mask A CSS3 property for applying masks to images.
webpack-4 null
brew-doctor null
seedstack an opinionated, easy-to-use Java development stack
adhoc-polymorphism a kind of polymorphism in which polymorphic functions can be applied to arguments of different types.
stackify Stackify helps developers manage and troubleshoot application problems with integrated monitoring, metrics, errors & logs.
moxios null
mouseleftbuttonup null
sqlfire an in-memory distributed SQL database.
sqlite-json1 a loadable extension that implements eleven application-defined SQL functions and two table-valued functions that are useful for managing JSON content stored in an SQLite databa…
hwclock null
hypersql Questions regarding HyperSQL Database, a relational database written in Java
preference-v7 one of the packages that added by google in order to provide better backwards compatibility for developers
hypnotoad a pre-forking production server from the Mojolicious framework.
previewcallback null
preview-pane null
preinit null
eclipseme null
xt an implementation in Java of XSLT, created by James Clark.
xtermjs a terminal emulator component written in JavaScript that works in the browser
xsp2 null
xps-generation null
xpc-target null
ssms-2005 null
ssms-2017 Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2017 is a graphical tool for configuring, managing, and administering all components within Microsoft SQL Server
srvany applications provided by Microsoft
apache-zest a community based effort exploring Composite Oriented Programming for domain centric application development.
api-cognitive-services null
om-next ClojureScript library to build rich applications that need complex data synchronized with the server .
castle-windsor-3 a container for dependency injection/IoC
node-supervisor A supervisor script for nodejs
timescaledb A database optimized for time-series data supporting SQL as a query language Homepage: https://www.timescale.com/
android-managed-profile In an Android for Work deployment, For an BYOD scenario, an enterprise needs to maintain control over certain aspects of the employees' devices
tinysort a JQuery plugin for sorting nodes.
tinylog Tag for questions about logging with tinylog or configuring the Java logging framework
mockrunner a lightweight framework for unit testing applications in the J2EE environment.
moby Moby Project - a collaborative project by created docker for the container ecosystem to assemble container-based systems
gstreamer-0.10 Legacy version of GStreamer framework which is still in use because of lacking support of some drivers or older python bindings or just because the legacy code is written for it.
grunt-ssh A grunt library for SSH and SFTP tasks.
gtag.js The Global Site Tag provides a framework for streamlined web page tagging – giving you better control while making implementation easier
expressionengine3 null
expression-sketchflow null
ext.list null
expressiveannotations Annotation-based conditional validation library.
external-assemblies null
assembly-trap null
phpt unit and integration tests for the PHP interpreter and user applications.
initwithstyle null
innerxml A property of the Document Object Model that gets or sets the inner XML of the child nodes of a node
input-history null
clappr null
cknotification a component of the cloudkit iOS Developer Library
ckqueryoperation null
ckerror A `CloudKit.CKError` object encapsulates an error that may occur when you use CloudKit JS
initwithframe a UIView method on iOS
class-relationship null
phpfarm a tool helping to run many php installations on one machine.
phpfastcache a PHP based high-performance, distributed object caching system, generic in nature, but intended for use in speeding up dynamic web applications by alleviating database load.
geom-hline null
lumen-routing null
ablecommerce E-commerce Shopping cart software program
visual-studio-exp-2013 null
dynamically-loaded-xap null
dylan a general-purpose, high-level programming language, designed for use in application and systems programming.
dynamic-execution null
libdc1394 a library that provides a complete high level application programming interface for developers who wish to control IEEE 1394 based cameras that conform to the 1394-based Digital Camera Sp…
glkbaseeffect a class of iOS SDK that provides shaders that mimic many of the behaviors provided by the OpenGL ES 1.1 lighting and shading model, including materials, lighting and texturing
globalevent null
libimobiledevice null
mediabrowserservice null
aws-ios null
aws-directory-services a managed service that allows you to connect your AWS resources with an existing on-premises Microsoft Active Directory or to set up a new, stand-alone directory in the AWS cl…
axhost null
splobjectstorage null
mysql-error-1049 ERROR 1049: Unknown database
mysql-error-1130 not allowed to connect to this MySQL server.
nbitcoin null
wm-concat function to aggregate data from a number of rows into a single row in Oracle PL/SQL
spgroup null
speechkit refer to SpeechKit framework from Nuance Communications
wix2 For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 2.
filterfactory null
fixedpage null
fiware-poi Fiware-poi refers to the Points of Interest Generic Enabler developed as a part of the platform.
flare3d null
fixup Use fixup for questions related to an assembler opcode which references an external symbol using a default address to represent an unknown address which is subsequently replaced with an actual numeric…
fgetpos The C library function fgetpos gets the current file position information.
fhs-twitter-engine the Twitter API for Cocoa developers created by Nathaniel Symer.
farbtastic null
facebook-conceal null
f2c the name of a program to convert Fortran 77 to C code, developed at Bell Laboratories.
failing-tests null
funnelweb an open source blog engine, built by developers for developers
geany-plugin null
formsy-material-ui A wrapper for Material-UI form components to allow them to be used with formsy-react, a form validation component for React forms.
form-editing null
elementref null
edgecast null
edifabric null
dreamservice an interactive screensaver mode on devices running Android 4.2 or newer
drupal-roles Roles allow defining what a Drupal user can do by assigning the relevant permissions to a role that is then assigned to users
dtn Delay-tolerant networking or disruption-tolerant networking, relates to dealing with non-continuous network connectivity.
dynamics-365-sales null
eurekalog a field-debug tool for CBuilder and Delphi applications.
event-processor-host null
eway null
exmpp an XMPP library written in Erlang.
exposure null
enclave null
ender Ultralite, modular JS framework-framework
epf a robust and stable framework for syncing client state with a persistent backend such as a REST API or socket connection
epicor a large software company that produces many software products
epicor10 null
equal-range null
epos null
graphical-interaction null
groovyscriptengine null
groove null
graffiticms Graffiti CMS allows you to quickly publish and maintain dynamic content Web sites with little or no knowledge of Web programming.
gradientstop null
google-sites-2016 null
gulp-connect-php null
gwt-2.2 null
google-cloud-repository fully-featured Git repositories hosted on Google Cloud Platform
gnu-efi used for questions related to use of the gnu-efi toolkit to build UEFI applications, as opposed to generic questions around UEFI.
gnuplot-iostream an interface that allows gnuplot to be controlled from C++
git-ls-files null
git-refspec Use git-refspec for questions related to the the mapping between a local branch name and a remote branch name.
gitsharp an implementation of Git for the .NET Framework and Mono.
github-codereviews if you have a question which is related to the GitHub pull request reviews functionality
geotrellis null
inexact-arithmetic null
implicit-flow null
installshield-2016 null
igcombo a feature rich jQuery/HTML5 combo box component provided by Infragistics in their Ignite UI toolbox.
ice40 null
ibm-wcm designed to accelerate digital content development and deployment through all your digital channels
imghdr a Python module for determining the type of images contained in a file or byte stream.
ijvm an instruction set architecture created by Andrew Tanenbaum for his MIC-1 architecture
hirefire null
homepage the default page loaded when requesting a directory path from a web server
harvest-scm CA Harvest Software Change Manager provides powerful, process-driven capabilities for managing development teams across your enterprise, encompassing multiple platforms and release ma…
hook-wordpress null
http-status-code-408 The HTTP response status code 408 Request Timeout
httptransportse null
mylyn-wikitext an open source project for parsing, editing and presenting several lightweight markups
named-captures Named captures refers the the way a programmer can access the remembered and labeled parts of a string after a regex match.
multi-instance-deployment null
musicg Lightweight Java API for audio analysing, Android compatible
nanopi use for programming questions specifics to NanoPi boards
ndoc null
name-matching null
newsgroup null
nestacms null
nshost The NSHost class provides methods to access the network name and address information for a host
nsurlcredentialstorage null
nth-root a number `r` such that `r` raised to the power of `n` equals `x`.
oberon a programming language created by Niklaus Wirth and his associates at ETH Zurich in Switzerland
nxml null
node-apn null
ms-extensions-logging Common logging abstractions provided by Microsoft.
multicorn PostgreSQL extension which allow you to create Foreign Data Wrappers using Python.
mootools-sortable The Sortables class of the MooTools JavaScript Library creates an interface for drag-and-drop sorting of a list or lists.
migx null
mload Teradata MultiLoad Utility to Load Initial-State Data
mobile-controls null
mobify null
matchevaluator null
managed-cuda a framework allowing usage of CUDA in a managed application
manager-app null
metasyntactic-variable null
meteor-jasmine null
justinmind null
jsctags a ctags-compatible code indexing solution for JavaScript.
jsnetworkx a JavaScript port of the Python graph library NetworkX
jiffy A JSON parser for Erlang
jet-ef-provider Use for questions about accessing to mdb files and accdb files using entity framework provider for MS Access
jet.com-apis for specific questions about APIs exposed by Jet.com e-commerce platform
joypad null
ionic-keyboard null
interposing null
jail-shell a very limited shell that allows clients to logon to your server via SSH.
jalopy null
jbake a Java based, open source, static site/blog generator
jbatch an IBM led JSR that's slated to be included into the Java EE 7 platform,
makehuman null
madlib an open-source library for scalable in-database analytics
mageia a GNU/Linux-based operating system, supported by a nonprofit organisation of elected contributors.
machine.fakes Machine.Fakes attempts to simplify the usage of such fake frameworks on top of MSpec by helping to reduce a lot of the typical fake framework related clutter code in specifications.
mac-roman a character encoding primarily used by the classic Mac OS to represent text
looker for questions concerning use of the Looker platform or its modeling language, LookML.
lolcode an esoteric programing language designed to mimic many internet memes.
lxc-docker null
linq-to-ldap a LINQ provider built on top of System.DirectoryServices.Protocols for querying and updating LDAP servers.
knockout-postbox a Knockout.js plugin designed to use Knockout's basic pub/sub capabilities to facilitate decoupled communication between separate view models / components.
kotlin-exposed Kotlin's SQL library
kohana-3.0 null
koken a free system designed for photographers, designers, and creative DIYs to publish independent websites of their work
kolite Library with a set of helpers to aid in creating MVVM applications using JavaScript and Knockout.
libtomcrypt LibTomCrypt is, according to its website, a fairly comprehensive, modular and portable cryptographic toolkit that provides developers with a vast array of well known published block ciphers, one-way h…
cimbalino a set of useful and powerful tools that will help you build your Windows Platform applications
clio-api Clio-API enables development of integrations that interact with the cloud-based legal practice management platform Clio, which is used by over 150,000 legal professionals around the world
clientcache null
chatscript a natural language rule-based engine used to create conversational entities
checkeditems null
chartpanel A Swing GUI component for displaying a JFreeChart object.
chalk null
character-reference the notation used to reference characters that have special meaning, or are otherwise problematic to use, in markup languages such as HTML, XML, SGML and similar
polyglot-markup a polyglot HTML document that has been written to conform to both the HTML and XHTML specifications
c++-cstyle when you want to code C, but you compile it with a C++ compiler for some reason
coclass null
cmaltimeter a class added in iOS 8 that delivers altitude-related data from devices that support the feature .
cmfcribbonpanel null
cmock a module/object mocking framework for `C` projects
caching-application-block null
cabwiz null
wicket-1.4 Apache Wicket, commonly referred to as Wicket, is a lightweight component-based web application framework for the Java
banshee an audio player for Linux and Apple Mac OS X operating systems
bencoding the encoding used by BitTorrent.
bevelled A bevelled edge or beveled edge refers to an edge of a structure that is not perpendicular to the faces of the piece.
bert an attempt to specify a flexible binary serialization and RPC protocol that are compatible with the philosophies of dynamic languages such as Ruby, Python, PERL, JavaScript, Erla…
bifunctor a type constructor with two covariant type parameters that can be over
bitmapencoder null
bi-tool Business Intelligence Tools to build the queries within seconds using a drag-and-drop interface without any SQL skills
biztalk-schemas BizTalk XML & Flat File schemas.
bjqs bjqs stands for Basic jQuery slider - a plugin for rotating images or content.
block-programming Block-programming refers to the interaction mode used to program in languages such as MIT Scratch, Google Blockly, or Alice
bmi Bit Manipulation Instructions Sets are extensions to the x86 instruction set architecture for microprocessors from Intel and AMD
bluetooth-profile null
bluetooth-lowenergy-4.2 null
bluetooth-keyboard The Core Bluetooth framework provides the necessary resources for iOS apps to communicate with devices that are equipped with Bluetooth Low Energy technology .
cartthrob null
case-folding Questions related to the case-insensitve comparison and use of strings.
camel-http an open source Java framework
calendar-store null
cakephp-ajaxhelper A CakePHP helper to do all Ajax operations and client side effects
calligraphy Custom fonts in Android the easy way
borland-c a 1990s C computer programming language compiler from Borland.
brownfield a term commonly used in the IT industry to describe problem spaces needing the development and deployment of new software systems in the immediate presence of existing
business-model null
buzztouch a web-based software that helps you create and manage iPhone, iPad, and Android apps.
bwidget an extension to Tk that provides a number of higher-level widgets implemented in Tcl/Tk.
buddy-class null
dev-appserver-2 null
demographics null
debug-print Debug print may refer to any method of debugging application using simple text output.
deck.gl a WebGL-powered framework for visual exploratory data analysis of large datasets.
dr.racket a graphical environment for developing programs using the Racket programming languages.
dominotogo YouAtNotes Domino To Go extends Appcelerator Titanium and allows the development of mobile Domino Apps for iPhone, iPad, Android and BB10
document-types A document type within the context of a Content Management System is an underlying data structure that defines a model for page content.
dolibarr Open source, free software modular package written in PHP for small and medium companies, foundations or freelancers
dkan a Drupal based open source project that makes it easier to publish Open Data
django-subdomains a package aimed at allowing subdomains to be used with the django webframework
divmod Returns an array containing the quotient and modulus obtained by dividing num by numeric.
directional-light Questions related to use of directional-light in 3D game/application environment.
d3fo the new acronym/tag for Microsoft Dynamics 365 for Finance and Operations, formerly , also known as Microsoft Dynamics AX 7
crystal-reports-10 Crystal Reports ownership was switched from Crystal Decisions to Business Object in 2003, which later proposed the versions 10, and simultaneous other versions.
cordys-opentext a Business Operations Platform
cpuset a command used to restrict process to a defined processor and memory node
corb a Java tool designed for bulk content-reprocessing of documents stored in MarkLogic.
copymemory null
ember-cli-pods Structuring ember.js project hierarchy structure by feature.
execute-as null
color-thief Questions about color-thief, a library in JavaScript for extracting the main colors from images.
color-tracking null
code-regions null
compile-static null
compiler-services derived from the compiler source code that exposes additional functionality for implementing language bindings, additional tools based on the compiler or refactoring tools
compiler-development Used for questions about compiler development .
compatibility-level null
combinedresourcehandler null
cometserver null
comint-mode a package that defines a general command-interpreter-in-a-buffer
conditional-execution null
component-query null
2-tier client/server architectures in which the user interface runs on the client and the database is stored on the server.
shaped-window windows with a shape other than the standard rectangle, often used for splash screens and desktop widgets
elasticsearch-1.6.0 null
postgres-9.4 null
postgraphql A GraphQL API created by reflection over a PostgreSQL schema.
postgresql-simple Mid-level client library for accessing PostgreSQL from Haskell
activex-documents extensions to Microsoft's OLE compound document architecture that allow a container application to use the full capabilities of server applications
acts-as-state-machine A plugin for adding finite state machines to Ruby classes
alassetsgroup An ALAssetsGroup object represents an ordered set of the assets managed by the Photos application
al.exe The Assembly Linker in .NET generates a file that has an assembly manifest from one or more files that are either modules or resource files.
analytics-engine IBM Analytics Engine - a single Hadoop and Spark service providing an environment to develop and deploy advanced analytics applications in minutes.
androguard mainly a reverse engineering tool written in python to play with : Dex/Odex , APK , …
android-custom-keyboard null
alignof null
amazon-signed-cookie null
asp.net-compiler null
assistive a feature on touch devices, providing the option to access all regular device features through the touchscreen, rather than the tactile buttons.
asmock a dynamic mock object framework for AS3 application's on the Flash/Flex platform
as-keyword null
average-precision null
authkit null
aurelia-i18n null
angular-material-stepper for questions about Angular Material Stepper, the implementation of stepped workflow with Material Design styling.
angular-route-guards null
android-multiple-apk null
android-messaging Messaging communicates between Android Threads, Activities and Views, using Messengers, Handlers and Messages.
android-flavordimension null
android-nsd Android Network Service Discovery allows an application to seek out a nearby device running services with which it can communicate.
android-profiler Questions related to new Android-Profiling, including monitoring apps CPU, memory, and network activity
android-pullparser null
aqua-data-studio a SQL client/IDE
aquafold null
apache-bloodhound an open source web-based project management and bug tracking system
appcontainer null
qwindow The QWindow class represents a window in the underlying windowing system.
quorum null
packages.config null
customtags null
amazon-clouddrive a web storage service from Amazon
gcc-4.2 Version 4.2 of GCC
rotor null
dfdl a language for describing text and binary data formats
diego the architecture used by Cloud Foundry to schedule and manage application containers
difference-equations null
di-containers null
dictvectorizer for questions related to feature extraction from raw data through the class DictVectorizer from Python's scikit-learn library.
validating-event null
utl-mail null
path.js a lightweight, client-side routing library that allows you to create applications using Hashbangs and/or HTML5 pushState.
metacircular null
ora-03113 ORA-03113: end-of-file on communication channel
ora-01843 ORA-01843: not a valid month
ora-01036 ORA-01036: illegal variable name/number
ora-01403 ORA-01403: no data found
ora-01422 null
ora-01000 displayed when the maximum number of cursors is exceeded.
ora-00955 already used by an existing object Cause: An attempt was made to create a database object that already exists
eglibc Embedded GLIBC was a variant of the GNU C Library that wass designed to work well on embedded systems
kendo-maskedtextbox A component of the Kendo UI framework
kde-plasma null
surface-pro for questions about development on the Microsoft Surface Pro - a touchscreen Windows PC
itemspresenter null
itemrenderers null
j2objc-gradle null
itunesconnect-analytics iTunesConnect-Analytics is an analytical system created by Apple Inc.
ituneslibrary The iTunes Library framework provides facilities for retrieving the properties of media items in a user’s iTunes library.
survivejs SurviveJS book issues
sus a set of standards to qualify for name «Unix».
karaf-maven-plugin null
kendo-map Map component for Kendo UI
build-chain A sequence of builds interconnected in some way or the other.
bullet-chart null
efk null
ef-bulkinsert an extension for Entity Framework that allows users to insert large amounts of data faster than with a regular insert
metrolog a lightweight logging framework designed for Windows Phone and Windows Store applications.
ora-01830 ORA-01830: date format picture ends before converting entire input string
ora-06553 null
ora-12541 ORA-12541: TNS no listener
partitioned-view null
oracle8 The Oracle Database is an object-relational database management system produced and marketed by Oracle Corporation.
message-map null
path-iterator null
path-traversal null
mercurial-phases Mercurial's way of marking changesets `public` , `draft` , or `secret`
merkle-tree null
merge-tracking null
messageformat.js MessageFormat is a mechanism for handling both pluralization and gender in applications.
message-channel The `MessageChannel` interface of the Channel Messaging API allows us to create a new message channel and send data through it via its two `MessagePort` properties.
uthash null
usocket The USOCKET project wants to provide a portable TCP/IP and UDP/IP socket interface for as many Common Lisp implementations as possible, while keeping the abstraction and portability layer as thin as p…
validateset The ValidateSet attribute specifies a set of possible values for a cmdlet parameter argument
dialogbasedapp null
diem null
uses-clause null
digital-assets-links a protocol to securely capture statements made by digital assets such as web sites or mobile apps about their relationship with other digital assets
roots-toolkit a toolbox for building simple, beautiful, and efficient products for the web.
rocket-u2 Rocket U2 refers to the family of products that revolve around two MultiValue Databases called UniData and UniVerse
gatttool null
garnet-os a mobile operating system initially developed by Palm, Inc., for personal digital assistants .
ganon a HTML Document Object Model parser written in PHP.
alt-ergo an open source automatic theorem prover dedicated to program verification
cyber-ark null
cvsimport null
ajax.request an asynchronous call initiated by the browser that does not directly result in a page transition
aggdraw a drawing module for Python, built on top of the AGG library
custom-search-provider null
package-design Use for questions about or related to the design of packages of units of code , as opposed to the design of the units of code themselves or design patterns.
p a language for asynchronous event-driven programming written by Microsoft
quicktype new stock keyboard for
quickcontact a toolbar that offers lots of different actions on an Android contact, such as call, text or email that person.
qwebenginepage null
owin.security null
overloaded-strings null
overridependingtransition null
appconkit A business centric SDK allowing developers to create data-centric native iOS and Android apps
apache-arrow Apache Arrow™ enables execution engines to take advantage of the latest SIM D operations included in modern processors, for native vectorized optimization of analytical da…
app-transfer null
applaud an Eclipse Plugin developed by Mobile Developer Solutions that extends the Android Development Tools and PhoneGap framework to provide a comprehensive IDE for Android development.
appimage a software tool that helps creating standalone application under Linux.
appgroups null
angular-material-5 null
android-video-record null
auraphp a set of well-tested and fully decoupled components libraries.
aurasma an augmented reality platform available as an SDK and free iOS and Android apps.
asyncimageview null
azure-kubernetes an open-source system for automating deployment, scaling and management of containerized applications.
avsystemcontroller null
ascii85 a binary to text encoding system.
arbre a Ruby gem that implements Ruby Object Oriented HTML Views.
aliexpress null
android-connectivitymanager null
android-devicetoken null
amp-bind null
amphp a non-blocking concurrency framework for PHP applications.
alchemy.js A graph visualization application for the web based on d3.js
aerospike-loader null
acts-as-nested-set null
acts-as-follower null
adornment null
adobe-native-extensions code libraries that contain native code wrapped with an ActionScript API
postgres-xc a multi-master write-scalable PostgreSQL cluster based on shared-nothing architecture.
postgis-raster To store and analyze raster data in PostGIS, use the raster data type.
sharedsizegroup null
shadow-removal a computer-vision task that consists in detect and remove moving shadows from the foreground as they are not part of it.
3dr 3DR - Drone & UAV Technology
acfpro null
access-point-name the name of a gateway between a mobile network and another computer network.
10gen-csharp-driver null
.x Direct3D Object
conditional-binding null
com-automation The use of COM IDISPATCH interface to enable dynamic invocation of component functions or access to properties, using names instead of addresses in virtual tables.
combodate null
column-major-order null
compiler-generated null
codemaid An open source visual studio extension to cleanup, dig through and simplify C#, C++, F#, VB, PHP, JSON, XAML, XML, ASP, HTML, CSS, LESS, SCSS, JavaScript and TypeScript coding.
column-chooser null
colordrawable null
exams Questions related to the computer-based generation of exams in particular with the R package .
cop COP, aka
content-platform-engine a software component for managing content and related organizational processes
cppdepend null
cramp a fully asynchronous real-time web application framework in Ruby.
crystal-reports-formulas Questions regarding custom formulas in Crystal Reports.
cscfg Windows Azure Service Configuration Schema
directmemory null
dex2oat an on-device compiler suite that converts DEX files generated by the Android compiler into OAT files at install time, which are used by the new Android 5.0 runtime, ART, to enable higher pe…
devise-async Send Devise's emails in background
device-instance-id null
django-wkhtmltopdf null
django-upgrade null
demeteorizer null
devdefined-oauth null
devanagari written LTR
data-corruption null
dapper-fastcrud Is the fastest micro-orm extension for Dapper, built around essential features of the C# 6 / VB 14 that have finally raised the simplicity of raw SQL constructs to acceptable maintenance levels
dacapo a benchmark suite intended as a tool for Java benchmarking by the programming language, memory management and computer architecture communities
buddy-build a continuous integration service specialised for mobile apps
bsdmake the version of the make program found on BSD systems and their derivatives
bwwalkthrough null
butterworth null
browsercaps null
bounds-check-elimination a compiler optimization useful in programming languages or runtimes that enforce bounds checking, the practice of checking every index into an array to verify that the i…
bootstrap-growl Open Source JavaScript library to create notifications in a Twitter Bootstrap website.
callfire a cloud telephony services provider, providing business-oriented voice and SMS enablement
camel-jdbc Camel component for database access through jdbc api
camel-cxf null
cascade-filtering null
blur-admin an OpenSource customizable admin panel framework
blue-screen-of-death a nickname for when the Windows kernel crashes, and the computer displays an error message in white text on a blue background.
bluefish an editor targeted towards programmers and webdevelopers, with many options to write websites, scripts and programming code.
bi-temporal Denotes both the valid time and transaction time of the data in a temporal database.
bfcache null
benchmarkdotnet a powerful .NET library for measuring absolute and relative code performance
benfords-law null
belief-propagation Belief propagation, also known as sum-product message passing, is a message passing algorithm for performing inference on graphical models, such as Bayesian networks and Markov random fields.
basis A basis spans a space .
bamboo-artifacts null
bartender a design-and-print software for labels, barcodes, cards and RFID tags.
azure-runbook for questions related to Azure runbook automation
azure-service-runtime null
emailfield null
cache2k Questions regarding cache2k – Java Caching
cache-money null
cadence-virtuoso null
wfastcgi null
westwind null
cl-who a Lisp mark-up language
circular-slider null
libwww-perl a set of Perl modules that give Perl programming easy access to sending requests to the World Wide Web
leshan an OMA Lightweight M2M implementation in Java
laravel-dusk2 null
laravel-filters null
kotlin-generics null
language-server-protocol Questions about the Language Server Protocol , a Microsoft open source protocol used between an editor or IDE and a language server that provides language features.
koloda null
korpus An R Package for Text Analysis
koa-passport null
keyfilter null
kendo-splitter null
jxmapkit a pair of JXMapViewers preconfigured to be easy to use with common features built in.
linq-to-mysql null
load-generator null
lotus-designer null
machg a free open source OS X GUI for the distributed revision control system Mercurial.
mac-classic Having to do with the versions of Mac OS prior to Mac OS X
lz77 a lossless data compression algorithm published by Abraham Lempel and Jacob Ziv in 1977.
madcap if you have a specific question about MadCap features and functionality
jazzylistview null
jambi a Java binding for the Qt library.
jackson-dataformat-avro Anything related to Jackson extension component for reading and writing data encoded using Apache Avro data format
japid a Java-based dynamic content rendering templates system that aims to deliver the fastest possible result.
ioports null
isolated-scope null
isml null
jquery-mobile-loader null
jquery-infinite-scroll A jQuery plugin for adding infinite scroll on a website
jenkins-php a set of plugins and tools that define a standard template for creating and running Jenkins jobs for PHP projects
jol a project within the OpenJDK to determine the memory layout of instances on the HotSpot virtual machine.
jquery-selectric a jQuery plugin designed to help at stylizing and customize HTML selects by Leonardo Santos
julius a simple passthrough language for producing Javascript
jumblr A pleasant and complete Java wrapper for the Tumblr V2 API.
meteor-easy-search null
meteor-restivus null
metapost Anything related to MetaPost language and associated tools
method-modifier null
microsoft-tag a barcode technology similar to QR codes, with some differences
mantle a low-level API specification developed by AMD as an alternative to Direct3D and OpenGL, primarily for use on the PC platform
mantrajs an application architecture for Meteor.
maxmsp null
mms-gateway null
mobile-app-tracker MobileAppTracking was built for tracking marketing campaigns across multiple ad networks.
mlxtend null
mindtouch null
moonsharp A Lua interpreter written entirely in C# for the .NET, Mono and Unity platforms.
moops is a meta-framework for object-oriented programming in the Perl programming language.
morton-number In fluid dynamics, the Morton number is a dimensionless number used together with the Eötvös number to characterize the shape of bubbles or drops moving in a surrounding fluid or continuous phase…
monkeyc an OO language developed by Garmin for use on their wearable devices.
monomorphism a property of a programming language which sets a default type if there is no type specified, and coerces to a new type based on the later usage of the variable
mscomct2.ocx null
node-github A wrapper around the GitHub API for NodeJS
nls-sort In Oracle RDBMS, NLS_SORT specifies the collating sequence for ORDER BY queries.
nmatrix the most powerful numeric linear algebra library for Ruby.
nocilla An HTTP stubbing library for Cocoa/Cocoa Touch.
nsenter a linux command allowing to run a program with namespaces of other processes.
nsmutablecopying The NSMutableCopying protocol declares a method for providing mutable copies of an object
network-storage null
network-utilization null
nipype Nipype: Neuroimaging in Python Pipelines and Interfaces It enables the use different imaging processing tools like fsl, spm, afni, freesurfer and others more.
namespace-package In Python, namespace packages have subpackages different locations
nanogallery an image gallery plugin for jQuery
neo4j-python-driver officially supported by Neo4j and connects to the database using the binary protocol
neo4j.py A Python wrapper for Neo4j
neo4j-cql neo4j-cql or Neo4j - Cypher Query Language
nehalem the codename for an Intel processor microarchitecture, successor to the Core microarchitecture
mymaps Google My Maps is a feature of Google Maps that enables users to quickly and easily create custom maps for personal use or sharing through search.
mxbean The MXBean concept provides a simple way to code an MBean that only references a predefined set of types, the ones defined by javax.management.openmbean
hubspot-crm for problems specific to HubSpot CRM
html-compression reducing the size of the HTML pages by eliminating unnecessary white spaces, tabs and newlines.
hash-reference null
immutablearray null
ibm-oneui IBM OneUI - Creating structure, navigation and layout for applications
icann Anything related to Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers organization, i.e
ice4j Java based implementation of the Interactive Connectivity Establishment protocol that would be usable by both SIP and XMPP applications
inherited-constructors null
inheritdoc null
infineon null
gem-fury null
gemcutter null
gervill null
getmdl null
git-hash null
git-http-backend null
git-diff-tree a git command that compares the content and mode of blobs found via two tree objects.
getorders the recommended call to use for order management in eBay Trading API.
goangular GoInstant's data synchronization and storage integration built for Angular.
glutcreatewindow null
google-cloud-test-lab Google Cloud Test Lab provides cloud-based infrastructure for testing Android apps
google-maps-timezone null
google-closure-libraries a broad, well-tested, modular, and cross-browser JavaScript library.
gvnix-es an Spring Roo distribution that focuses both enterprise knowledge and enterprise standards to build Java applications.
gulp-zip a plug-in for gulp.js that provides ZIP compression
gulp-webpack Gulp-webpack allows you to import your Webpack config into a Gulp task
gulp-data null
gulp-jshint null
grunt-angular-gettext null
gradle-custom-plugin A Gradle plugin packages up reusable pieces of build logic, which can be used across many different projects and builds
grafana-api to questions regarding Grafana HTTP API
grails-plugin-rabbitmq null
grip null
epmd a small name server used by Erlang programs when establishing distributed Erlang communications
enumerize https://github.com/brainspec/enumerize
empirical-distribution null
em-synchrony null
emacs25 null
em-http-request Async EventMachine HTTP client, with support for asynchronous HTTP connection with support for proxys and Basic Auth & OAuth.
emokit Open source driver for accessing raw data from the Emotiv EPOC EEG headset
explicit-intent one that you use to launch a specific app component, such as a particular activity or service in your app
evercookie a javascript API that produces extremely persistent cookies in a browser
dynamics-crm-365-v9 null
dynamics-nav-2015 an enterprise resource planning development platform produced by Microsoft
dto-mapping null
dtr DTR allows you to store and manage your Docker images on-premises.
dsx-desktop IBM's Data Science Experience desktop version.
dukpt null
drawablegamecomponent null
drakma a fully-featured web client that knows how to handle HTTP/1.1 chunking, persistent connections, re-usable sockets, SSL, continuable uploads, file uploads, cookie…
dynogels null
dynamics-sl Microsoft Dynamics
dynamic-web-controls null
elinks a free text-based console web browser for Unix-like operating systems.
free-diameter null
fluentbootstrap FluentBootstrap provides extensions, helper classes, model binding, and other goodies to help you use the Bootstrap CSS framework from .NET code.
flippy a cross-browser flip effect plugin for jQuery which allows you to flip whatever html element you want.
flutter-test null
gegl a framework for image processing.
gc-roots Root collection in tracing garbage collection algorithms
fxaa short for Fast Approximate Anti-Aliasing
function-template null
flambe a 2D game engine that makes cross-platform development actually fun
flasgger null
fiware-sth-comet fiware-sth-comet refers to the Short Time Historic component, a FIWARE component able to manage historical context information as raw and aggregated time ser…
fixed-length-file null
fingerprintjs2 A JavaScript library for anonymous browser fingerprinting
wkb The Well-Known Binary representation for geometric values is defined by the OpenGIS specification.
wizard-control null
winsound null
nbug a .NET library created to automate the bug reporting process for WPF, WinForms, and console applications.
imsdroid null
ncybreadcrumb null
mysql-error-1140 MySQL Error 1140: Mixing of GROUP columns with no GROUP columns is illegal if there is no GROUP BY clause.
mysql-error-1060 Error #1060 - Duplicate column name
mysqldbcompare a MySQL utility for comparing databases
mysql-8.0 for questions related to the MySQL database, version 8.0.
mysql-error-1364 Error 1364: Field '%s' doesn't have a default value
mysql-error-126 ERROR 126 : Incorrect key file for table
donejs null
dotween A tweening library for Unity-3D.
aws-storage-gateway AWS Storage Gateway connects an on-premises software appliance with cloud-based storage to integrate on-premises IT environments with AWS storage infrastructure in the cloud.
aws-appstream AWS AppStream allows users to import existing desktop applications to AWS and instantly start streaming them to an HTML5 compatible browser.
binding-mode Describes the direction of the data flow in a WPF binding.
medial-axis Use for questions related to the computation or/and processing of the medial axis.
sortablejs a minimalist JavaScript library for reorderable drag-and-drop lists
source-filter null
librt null
mde null
glcanvas A heavyweight AWT component which provides OpenGL rendering support
visualstudio.testtools null
visualdesigner null
aac+ High-Efficiency Advanced Audio Coding is a lossy data compression scheme for digital audio defined as a MPEG-4 Audio profile in ISO/IEC 14496-3.
dxcore the refactoring and productivity tool by DevExpress to extend Visual Studio
abstraction-layer In computing, an abstraction layer or abstraction level is a way of hiding the implementation details of a particular set of functionality, allowing the separation of concerns to facilitate interopera…
lumisoft null
gjslint Npm package to work with Grunt which validate files with Google Closure Linter.
gkgamesession Apple's GKGameSession class supports both real-time and turn-based game sessions, using a combination of iCloud storage and real-time messaging
lubm RDF and OWL benchmarking project
luadoc is a documentation generator tool for Lua source code
comscore must be used for questions related to comScore.com
geometry-class-library null
toran-proxy A Composer proxy for speed and reliability
genymotion-gps null
inittab This file controls what happens whenever a system is rebooted or forced to change run levels.
inky null
php-toolkit The PHP toolkit provides an easy way to make Force.com Web service API method calls from within PHP.
android-stlport null
android-studio-2.2.3 a version of Android Studio that was released on December 7, 2016.
coldfusion-administrator null
extaudiofileread null
snappydb a key-value database for Android it's an alternative for SQLite using the NoSQL approach.
gtkwave an open-source wave visualization software which is compatible with many known wave formats, including wif
grunt-svgstore Grunt.js plugin which merges SVGs from a folder.
grunt-eslint Npm package to work with Grunt which validate files with ESLint.
tinytext null
tinyxpath null
planetary.js a JavaScript library based on D3 and TopoJSON for creating interactive globes via HTML5 Canvas.
platform-detection For questions specific to finding out about the platform operated by the client software
platform-independence null
castle-validators an open source validation framework that uses property attribute to specify validation rules on class.
ccrewrite null
offline-web-app null
connect.js a simple framework to glue together various to handle requests.
apfloat a High Performance Arbitrary Precision Arithmetic Package for C++ and Java
apache-tailer An implementation of the function of the Unix world.
connection-points the standard COM interface exposed by connectable objects, that allows clients to register for event callbacks
connect-timeout Request timeout middleware for NodeJs Connect/Express.
sst a web test framework that uses Python to generate functional browser-based tests.
ssrs-2017 null
ssis-data-flow Tag for questions involving the SSIS Data Flow Task
sslv2 Refers to Version 2.0 of the Secure Sockets Layer protocol, this is used for securely transmitting encrypted data across the web.
xpsviewer null
ecb-pattern The Entity-Control-Boundary Pattern is a variation of the Model-View-Controller Pattern
eclipse-europa the code name for Eclipse version 3.3 which was released on June 30, 2007.
eclipse-atl a model transformation language and toolkit
prelink null
i2b2 For questions involving the i2b2 client/server architectures used for configuring i2b2 or developing extensions for i2b2
hypergraph null
sqljet an independent pure Java implementation of a popular SQLite database management system
sqlline a pure-Java console-based utility for connecting to relational databases and executing SQL commands
humanizer a C# .NET library that convert several types values into human readable content.
mothur an open source software package aims to provide tools to analyze and process microbial community and ecology, and bioinformatics data.
motorengine an ODM product built on Python Motor
addressable-gem null
addmodelerror null
security-identifier a unique alpha-numeric String assigned by an authentication agent and is used to identify a user or a group of users.
search-regex Search Regex adds a set of search and replace functions to WordPress
scrapyjs This library provides Scrapy-Javascript integration through two different mechanisms: a Scrapy download handler, a Scrapy downloader middlware
scribe-server a server for aggregating log data streamed in real time from a large number of servers.
numerical-recipes the generic title of a series of books on algorithms and numerical analysis by four University of Cambridge professors
numpydoc null
ruby-install a command-line tool for installing various Ruby versions on Unix-like systems.
scribunto a parser extension which allows for embedding scripting languages in MediaWiki.
flashsocket Flash library to facilitate communication between Flex applications and Socket.IO servers.
flask-pymongo null
klarna a payment service for online storefronts
uidocumentbrowservc null
uidefaults null
magic-mirror when you are having programming issues related to *Michael Teeuw*'s node/electron based `MagicMirror`
maintaining-code null
iconnectionpoint null
identity-operator The identity operator applies strict comparison on the operands, without doing a type conversion.
ieframe.dll null
ie-plugins Web browser add-ons supplement Windows Internet Explorer with extra features, such as toolbars and ActiveX controls.
springockito a small extension to spring that simplifies way of creation mockito mocks in the intergation tests
jquery-color jQuery plugin for color manipulation and animation support.
jquery-boilerplate A jump-start for jQuery plugins development
scala-streams null
unitofworkapplication null
uniquery the database query language supported by UniData.
system.web.extensions null
vrpn VRPN is a class library for the development of virtual reality applications
vsperfmon null
automationanywhere a Robotic Process Automation tool developed by the company of identical name
dbextensions a data-access framework with a strong focus on query composition, granularity and code aesthetics
davinci TI DaVinci Digital Video Processors
facebook-field-expansion null
cubrid an open source relational database management system optimized for Web Applications.
vticker null
sbt-concat Plugin for the `sbt-web` asset pipeline for concatenating source files
saved-searches null
design-data null
ilog-elixir IBM ILOG Elixir provides data visualisation for Adobe Flex and AIR
image.createimage null
ggridges an add-on package to ggplot2
imagemagick-montage null
image-management null
beans-binding null
minmax-heap a type of double-ended priority queue data structure based on a complete binary tree.
anonymous-pipes null
antrl4 null
ant4eclipse null
anti-xml A clean-room replacement for scala.xml
ant-junit Contains the junit and junirreport tasks which can be invoked from ant build script
halcon a proprietary library of algorithms for image processing and machine vision
fileitem null
filepattern null
openshift-nextgen null
openser null
gwt-jsinterop null
tun-tap null
tukeyhsd null
tvalue a Delphi data structure that can store different kinds of data types to ease the access to fields and method parameters
tgridpanel a User Interface Element that implements a grid panel control in which each component is placed within a cell on a grid.
jdk1.8-73 null
jcurses a library for developing text terminal based applications using Java programming language.
jboss-wildfly-11 null
weatherdata An R package to download weather data from the Weather Underground website.
weak-entity an entity that cannot be uniquely identified by its attributes alone; therefore, it must use a foreign key in conjunction with its attributes to create a pri…
simpowersystems an add-on to Simulink for modelling and simulating electrical power systems
siren a semantic information retrieval engine, that extends the Lucene and Solr search engines.
sinemacula null
uiweb null
objgraph a module for creating and visualizing Python object graphs
objectiveflickr null
open-packaging-convention null
swiftype Swiftype has focused on developing a solution that lets site owners precisely control search on their own site
eudyptula-challenge null
ert a tool for automated testing in Emacs Lisp
responsive-nav Responsive navigation plugin without library dependencies and with fast touch screen support
symfony-cache be use for Symfony Cache Component https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/cache.html which was introduced in Symfony 3.1
swizzle changing the implementation of an existing selector in Objective-C.
symbolicc++ a general purpose computer algebra system embedded in the programming language C++
sygic We change the way people travel
array-initialize null
array-flip null
zeplin For questions about the Zeplin design tool designed to allow better communication and interaction between designers and developers.
zentyal a program for a Linux server for small and medium enterprises , considered an alternative to Windows Server and other Microsoft infrastructure products for SM…
zerigo an advanced, managed and API-Powered DNS platform and is full integrated with Heroku via the add-on.
zgrep null
errorcollector The ErrorCollector rule of JUnit
zoomooz a jQuery plugin for making web page elements zoom
zoneminder a Linux video camera security and surveillance solution
znodes null
zimlet plug-ins that extend Zimbra Collaboration Suite functionality.
nspointerarray a mutable collection modeled after NSArray but it can also hold NULL values, which can be inserted or extracted .
arithabort for questions related to ARITHABORT, which terminates a query when an overflow or divide-by-zero error occurs during query execution.
ariatemplates a JavaScript MVC framework.
drupal-form-validation the operation through which form fields are verified to contain the correct input.
drupal-gmap The GMap module provides an interface to the Google Maps API within Drupal.
drupal-commons a distribution that provides a complete social business software solution for organizations.
xhtml-mp null
streamex StreamEx a library enhancing Java Streams
opalvoip cross platform C++ library, which is implements the commonly used protocols to send voice, video and fax data over IP networks.
mitreid-connect null
childactivity null
child-objects null
chocolatechip-ui a framework for making mobile Web apps.
boost-parameter Boost Parameter Library allows to write functions and class templates that can accept arguments by name
boost-intrusive a library presenting some intrusive containers to the world of C++
chef-attributes null
boost-system null
react-flexbox-grid null
rust-compiler-plugin user-provided libraries that extend the compiler's behavior with new syntax extensions, compile time and lint checks, etc
rvds null
tapandhold null
tap-harness null
jquery-ui-menubar The Menu widget that forms a part of the jQuery.UI library
pg-trgm Postgres trigram match module https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/static/pgtrgm.html
osm.pbf null
app-preview Engage customers with a short video of your app in action, directly on your app product page on the App Store.
app-service-environment Azure App Service Environment provides apps with higher scale options and direct corporate connectivity
activerecord-jdbc null
gpg-agent null
gpc a software library providing for computing the results of clipping operations on sets of polygons
forcing null
math-mode a term used in TeX-based automatic typesetting systems
angularjs-ng-style The ngStyle directive allows you to set CSS style on an HTML element conditionally.
jmx-ws JMX connector uses Web Services to make JMX instrumentation available remotely.
jmxmp Java Management Extensions Messaging Protocol - based directly on TCP sockets
joauth A Java library for authenticating HTTP Requests using OAuth
joiner An object which joins pieces of text with a separator
fog-aws null
restkit-0.24.x null
jline2 an evolution of JLine 1.x, a Java library for handling console input
resuming-training null
retained-in-memory null
jira-mobile-connect a free, open-source library for collecting feedback and engaging with your mobile users to improve the quality of your application.
google-api-cpp-client null
google-analytics-userid null
gomock a mocking framework for the Go language.
goldmine a proprietary CRM system built for Microsoft Windows.
urlimageviewhelper UrlImageViewHelper will fill an ImageView with an image that is found at a URL.
url-link null
semantic-segmentation null
sentora null
sentencecase Sentence case refers to the capitalization of the first character of the first word in a grammatical sentence.
typescript-definitions null
type-resolution null
typemaps null
typed-memory-views null
peach a SmartFuzzer that is capable of performing both generation and mutation based fuzzing.
pdk null
marmalade-edk Extension Development Kit of the Marmalade SDK, a cross platform development environment.
vim-r null
android-blur-effect null
android-autofill-manager The AutofillManager provides ways for apps and custom views to integrate with the Autofill Framework lifecycle.
viewflow android library, which is an alternative to ViewPager to be used on older SDKs.
viewroot null
audio-panning used in an audio mixer to reduce or reverse the stereo width of a stereo signal
audio-playback-agent null
sesam Questions regarding the Integration Platform provided by Sesam.io
session-keys null
session-less null
service-name null
fitch-proofs null
iphone-wax for questions related to Wax framework for writing native iPhone apps in Lua.
firefox-addon-overlay null
fireloop A real-time NodeJS platform which integrates many frameworks
logonserver null
windows-hello a Windows 10 feature, which allows you to sign in using bio-metric data like fingerprints or facial recognition
windows-mixed-reality Windows Mixed Reality is a Virtual and Augmented reality platform introduced in Windows 10 that combines support for Microsoft HoloLens and newly developed Windows Mixed…
atlassprites null
attribution null
instaparse Parser generator for context-free grammars in
treasure-data a Hadoop-based Big Data as-a-Service service.
public-key-pinning null
texnic-center <!-- Excerpt copied from the TeXnicCenter website --> TeXnicCenter is a feature rich and easy-to-use integrated environment for creating LaTeX documents on the Windows platform.
quic a multiplexed stream transport protocol over UDP
rails-bullet a ruby gem that helps in improving performance by identifying N+1 queries, advising when to switch eager loading on or off, and when to use counter cache.
ramdrive null
qcamera null
qabstractbutton The QAbstractButton class, part of the Qt framework, is the abstract base class of button widgets, providing functionality common to buttons.
cots null
canjs-component null
canonical-name null
capedwarf an implementation of the Google App Engine API, which allows applications to be deployed on JBoss Application Servers without modification
struts2-config-browser a Struts2 plugin that helps to browse loaded configuration at runtime
mt4j an open source Java™ framework, created for rapid development of visually rich applications
msxml2 null
mspgcc The tool chain providing binutils, gcc, gdb and a lot of other tools for the MSP430 processor
verold an online editor for Web 3D and Web VR
data-handling null
inverse-transform null
invantive-data-hub a console application which enables data changes, reporting and transport for traditional databases as well as cloud-based applications, using native SQL or Invantive SQL
wysihat a WYSIWYG JavaScript framework which provides various options for customizing and creating a custom rich text editor.
disk-access null
programmatic-config null
likely-unlikely hints to a compiler to emit instructions that will cause branch prediction to favour the side of a jump instruction.
linfu-dynamicproxy a library for generating proxies on the fly at runtime.
wxmathplot null
compare-contrast null
azure-android-sdk This SDK helps developers to add a cloud-based backend service to an Android app using Azure Mobile Services.
react-instantsearch react-instantsearch related technical questions.
angular2-custom-pipes null
react-native-native-module null
django-johnny-cache a caching framework for django applications
django-push-notifications A minimal Django app that implements Device models that can send messages through APNS and GCM.
blendability null
blktrace a block layer IO tracing mechanism which provides detailed information about request queue operations up to user space.
blender-2.49 For issues relating to using Blender, version 2.49.
property-graph null
protector null
protocol-buffers-3 null
netbanx-api should be used for any paysafe classic or new paysafe api's along with the paysafe tag.
netmon null
rich-domain-model null
riak-js Node.js base Riak client with support for HTTP and protocol buffers.
zend-config-xml null
jsonx an IBM® standard format to represent JSON as XML.
jsr363 for questions related to usage or extension of new units of measure standard JSR-363.
jtest a commercial Java Static Analaysis tool by Parasoft
hbbtv a standard which allows to offer combinations of broadcast and broadband services on devices like TV sets or Set Top Boxes
yui-datasource null
z39.50 an international communications protocol for information retrieval
zaber Zaber Technologies builds precision linear actuators and other motion control devices that can be controlled through a serial port
yii2-user-roles null
wscf null
wso2msf4j null
workflow-services null
xcode-service The Xcode service, available in OS X Server, automates the integration process of building, analyzing, testing, and archiving your app.
xxtea the third version of the Tiny Encryption Algorithm , designed to correct security weaknesses of previous TEA implementations.
xmlstore null
xmlservice null
xdoc an XML document conforming to a small and simple set of tags
xdcr Cross DataCenter Replication
telerik-radlistbox a powerful ASP.NET AJAX control for displaying a list of items
krypton null
laika a testing framework for meteor.
commerceserver Refers to Microsoft Commerce Server which has been sold to Ascentium/CactusCommerce and is now rebranded as CommerceServer.NET
entourage an e-mail client and personal information manager.
closesocket null
backing null
lc3-trap null
lazy-propagation null
layout-inspector null
launch-time null
database-fragmentation null
background-drawable null
staticmatic null
cropit for questions related to corpit jQuery plugin.
cross-thread null
croppic an image cropping jquery plugin
remarks null
vue-filter null
appc-hyperloop Use for programming or development questions related to Appcelerator's Hyperloop solution to access any API for developing Native Mobile Apps using JavaScript
angular-calendar null
react-vis A collection of react components to render common data visualization charts, such as line/area/bar charts, heat maps, scatterplots, pie and donut charts, sunbursts, and tree maps.
react-tsx null
azure-vm-templates null
nexus-5x null
nftw null
ng2-admin null
nhibernate-hql null
nhibernate-profiler A tool to track NHibernate activity and a
fedora12 Version 12 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
ngzone null
niceforms null
niftynet a TensorFlow-based open-source convolutional neural networks platform for research in medical image analysis and image-guided therapy.
animatewindow null
autocommand executed automatically by vim when certain events occur.
autoblogged WordPress plugin for automatically creating posts from an RSS or Atom feed
safari8 the latest version of Web browser developed by Apple Inc
safe-navigation-operator null
sage-one the global product line of the Sage software company, targeting small businesses and covering mainly accounting and payroll
off-heap null
pygsl Python interface for GNU Scientific Library
python-redmine Python module for interfacing Redmine REST API.Python Redmine is a library for communicating with a Redmine project management application.
python-standalone null
portqry null
portsip null
pluggableprotocol null
plumbum a library for shell script-like programs in Python.
pharo-5 an Object Orientated prgramming language based on Smalltalk in its current version - 5
perplexity null
perl-pod Plain Old Documentation format
permissionset null
picoblaze for use in their FPGA and CPLD products.
promiscuous-mode null
psreadline Use for questions about PSReadLine, an alternative command line editor for PowerShell.
pthread-exit The pthread_exit function terminates the calling thread and returns a value via retval that is available to another thread in the same process that calls pthread_join.
ptokax a multi-platform server application for Neo-Modus Direct Connect Peer-To-Peer sharing network.
pycallgraph a Python module that creates call graph visualizations for Python applications.
pyapns A universal Apple Push Notification Service provider.
py++ an object-oriented framework for creating a code generator for
px4 an open-source autopilot system
python-egg-cache null
python-config a command line utility that provide capability to link an user program with the system installed python
python-chess null
projectlocker null
privileged-functions null
prismjs a lightweight, extensible syntax highlighter wirtten in JS
precompute null
powershell-v6.0 For issues related to the open source PowerShell 6.0
ppd PostScript Printer Description files are created by vendors to describe the entire set of features and capabilities available for their PostScript printers.
oracleinternals null
oracle-access-manager null
openindiana null
openwebanalytics null
optical-drive null
openwysiwyg null
onem2m a global organization that creates requirements, architecture, API specifications, security solutions and interoperability for Machine-to-Machine and IoT technologies
onactionexecuted null
ocamldoc The OCaml documentation generator
performbatchupdates null
perlapi Question related to the perl public API
perceptual-sdk a free Software Development Kit provided by Intel.
performance-estimation null
pclzip a PHP library that offers compression and extraction functions for Zip formatted archives .
pcl-crypto an open source library that provides portable class library authors with cryptographic APIs that invoke platform-specific crypto automatically.
pdc null
pbm pbm - NetPBM bi-level image format
parsehub a data-extraction platform for static and dynamic data web-sites
paysafe should be used for any paysafe classic or new paysafe api's
paypal-vault API which provides a secure way to store customer credit cards on PayPal servers, instead of saving them on developer-specific servers.
paver a Python-based software project scripting tool along the lines of Make or Rake.
pairing-heap a self-adjusting heap data structure that efficiently supports decrease-key.
pagertemplate null
paging-library The paging library makes it easier for your app to gradually load information as needed from a data source, without overloading the device or waiting too long for a big database query.
paf a database of all known UK addresses and postcodes.
sas-gtl null
sa-mp a multiplayer mod for Grand Theft Auto San Andreas allowing users to play against each other over the internet or LAN
rule-of-zero Classes that have custom destructors, copy/move constructors or copy/move assignmentoperators should deal exclusively with ownership
roassal an agile visualization engine for Pharo Smalltalk and VisualWorks Smalltalk.
robotium-recorder for recording and playing back of android app
rsbarcodes RSBarcodes allows you to read 1D and 2D barcodes using the metadata scanning capabilities introduced with iOS 7 and generate the same set of barcode images for displaying and sharing.
ruby-openid null
row-removal Questions about removing a row from a spreadsheet programmatically, deleting a row through a matrix, removing specific or corresponding rows in a file, or removing a row from a collection
servertag null
server-side-sync for Dynamics CRM - Server Side Sync related questions
self-healing a system that will detect and correct faults automatically.
sequence-sql an SQL-standard out-of-transactions ID source, that provides for multi-threading inserts into the same table without duplication of unique IDs
serde-json A Rust library for parsing and generating the JSON file format.
sharepoint-upgrade null
setorientation null
seamless-immutable null
seaglass a Java LaF based on the Nimbus LaF
seam-solder null
selectionchanging null
scnvector3 A representation of a three-component vector.
scriptlab an interactive playground for Office Add-ins, letting you experiment with Office JavaScript API without ever leaving Excel, Word, PowerPoint, or Project
scriptom a java library for scripting COM objects
reviver-function A reviver function transforms the results returned from the `parse` method of the JavaScript JSON API.
reverting null
revealing-prototype null
rim-4.6 null
rim-4.7 null
rim-4.2 null
rinsim Questions concerning the RinSim logistics simulator
rfc2396 defines the generic syntax for URI
resig an American software engineer and entrepreneur, best known as the creator and lead developer of the jQuery JavaScript library.
resharper-5.x null
renice null
resharper-2017 null
refinement-type a type endowed with a predicate which is assumed to hold for any element of the refined type
renderman Pixar RenderMan is proprietary photorealistic 3D rendering software produced by Pixar Animation Studios
rendermonkey null
removable null
reasoner usually applied to inference engines that infers logical consequences from facts and axioms written in ontology languages.
redux-api-middleware null
qtsvg The QtSvg module provides classes for displaying and creating SVG files.
quaqua a Java library that provides enhancements to Apple's Aqua Look and Feel.
qpdf a free command-line program that can convert one PDF file to another equivalent PDF file.
radajaxloadingpanel null
radiotap null
raw-post null
rawimage null
rational-purify null
truevfs a virtual file system for Java 7
triple-equals The triple-equal operator refers to objects that are both equal and of the same type.
timbre null
time4j Concerns questions directly related to the alternative date, time and interval library Time4J.
tiger Small imperative language derived from a language introduced by Andrew Appel in his book
ticoredatasync an open source framework, enabling cloud-based synchronization for Core Data applications running on both Mac OS X and iOS.
tidal-scheduler Cisco Tidal Enterprise Scheduler simplifies enterprise-wide job scheduling and automates the way business processes are defined, managed and delivered
to-yaml a Ruby method that returns a YAML markup string representation of the object.
tomcat-juli null
unqlite a self-contained C library for a NoSQL database
unbuffered-output null
unboundid null
uipopoverpresentationcontroller null
umlgraph UMLGraph allows the declarative specification and drawing of UML class and sequence diagrams.
uiaccessoryview an interface component used with UITableViews to display extra information and editing options to users.
uilayoutguide null
uimodalpresentationcustom null
typoscript2 null
typus null
warp-scheduler null
virtuozzo a propietary software product for OS virtualization developed by SWsoft, inc.
video-library null
vfio a secure userspace driver framework for Linux, making use of hardware IOMMU enforced device isolation
validity.js a jQuery plugin for powerful, accurate client-side form validation
validationexception null
website-monitoring null
wedge null
weed-fs a simple and highly scalable distributed file system.
webtools null
wolfram-cdf Wolfram's Computable Document Format
wordpress-3.9 Questions related to WordPress 3.9, including the new TinyMCE 4.0 integration and improved WYSIWYG editing, updated Backbone, Underscore, and jQuery libraries, etc.
wordpress-4.0 WordPress Version 4.0
windows-server-container an isolated place where an windows server applications can run without affecting the rest of the system and without the system affecting the application.
windres null
window.external null
wimp Could be: 1.WIMP the paradigm 2.WIMP referring to web stack of Windows , IIS , MySQL , and PHP/Perl/Python
system-rules an Open Source Java library which makes it possible to test code which uses java.lang.System.
syntax-rules null
textdocumentproxy null
tensorrt questions pertaining to NVIDIA's TensorRT system, used for Deep Learning Inference Optimization on GPUs
tdatetimepicker null
structural-equality null
svggraph an object-oriented PHP library for creating simple PHP graphs, released as open source under the LGPL v3 license.
svg-morphing null
svn-api Application programming interface to embedding Subversion into the own application.
swagger-tools null
symja a pure Java Android library for symbolic mathematics.
syncfx null
strtoull null
stateful-actor-service used for Azure service fabric's framework for stateful microservices
stario-sdk an SDK for iOS and Android published by Star Micronics
sthttprequest A NSURLConnection wrapper for humans.
special-form null
sparse-columns null
sparktable null
spotlight-plugin null
sql-server-ce-toolbox a Visual Studio 2012 or higher add-in standalone app , that adds scripting, import, export, migrate, rename, run script, manag…
sqldelight SQLDelight generates Java models from your SQL CREATE TABLE statements
sqlbrowser null
sqlacodegen null
stamen-maps a design and technology studio in San Francisco specializing in maps and data visualization
squirejs a dependency injector for Require.js users to make mocking dependencies easy!
squib null
sitecore-commerce-server null
sitecore-fxm Federated Experience Manager allows you to add personalization and tracking to non-Sitecore websites and applications.
silverlight-plugin The run-time environment for Silverlight available as a plug-in for most web browsers.
simmechanics null
simian Simian identifies duplication in Java, C#, C, C++, COBOL, Ruby, JSP, ASP, HTML, XML, Visual Basic, Groovy source code and even plain text files.
sigqueue A POSIX function to queue a signal to process: http://pubs.opengroup.org/onlinepubs/9699919799/functions/sigqueue.html
significant-terms null
signed-assembly null
shinysky null
socketfactory null
smoke a introspective wrapper around the Qt and KDE frameworks.
smile a fast and comprehensive machine learning system for using in Java, Scala or any other JVM languages
slp a protocol which allows applications to discover services within networks.
smips short for: simple MIPS
socialize-sdk a drop-in social platform that creates a community around your app, leveraging powerful networking features through a single interface.
social-likes an open-source jQuery plugin for adding unified buttons with counters for popular social networks: Facebook, Twitter, LiveJournal, etc.
smartsheet-api-2.0 null
shinytree jsTree Bindings for Shiny
shinyproxy a proxy to deploy Shiny apps in an enterprise context
simple-authentication an `ASP.NET` library that makes it really simple to for developers to add Social Authentication code to an ASP.NET application
sqlworkflowpersistencese null
staging-table used in data ETL processes and data warehousing.
sproutcore-controllers null
sp-who2 a stored-procedure that provides information about current users, sessions, and processes in an instance of the Microsoft SQL Server Database Engine.
spu null
sql-server-json null
spreadsheet-gem a Ruby library for reading and writing Microsoft Excel files.
sp-rename null
spring-data-envers Spring Data Envers offers the popular Repository abstraction of Spring Data to Envers revisions
spdlog Very fast, header only, C++ logging library.
step-through null
stickynote null
stm32f1 null
startprocessinfo null
stddeque the C++ implementation of a double-ended queue provided by the STL
std-filesystem null
stdinitializerlist a special class template that was introduced by C++11 that allows iteration over a homogenous list of values of type T and that has built-in support for construction from i…
strongly-typed-enum Type safe enums, introduced in c++11 to prevent automatic conversion to int types.
string-math for questions related to string mathematics.
syn Standalone Synthetic Event Library
swd a lightweight alternative to JTAG debug port.
sublime-jslint JSLint plugin for Sublime Text 2 text editor
template-control null
teneo Teneo provides integration with EclipseLink to support persistence of arbitrary EMF models with JPA.
terminal.app For questions related to using the Terminal App in OSX.
text-database null
text-decoding null
ternjs a stand-alone code-analysis engine for JavaScript.
ternary-representation The base-3 positional numeral system which represents numbers using the digits 0, 1, and 2
ternary-search null
tchecklistbox a VCL control allowing to display a scrollable list with check boxes alongside each item
tcpportsharing null
tcpchannel null
wimax a communication technology for wirelessly delivering high-speed Internet service to large geographical areas.
windowsbuilder a powerful and easy to use bi-directional Java GUI designer
windward a reporting and document generation generator from Windward Studios
wordpress-4.3 an open source content management system running on PHP and MySQL, and often used as a blog engine
win-prolog null
webviewdidfinishload null
web-stomp a simple bridge exposing the STOMP protocol over emulated HTML5 WebSockets.
webgrabber the industry-leader in reliable, multi-threaded HTML to PDF conversion
wce null
webdeploy-3.6 null
version-range null
video-intelligence-api Google Cloud Video Intelligence API makes videos searchable, and discoverable, by extracting metadata with an easy to use REST API
virtualdub null
vmat The vMAT library implements a grab-bag of mathematical functions inspired by MATLAB.
vliw VLIW - processor arcitecture designed to exploit instruction level parallelism .
vlad-vector The VLAD vector is a descriptor vector which is often used in image retrieval, e.g
warren-abstract-machine an abstract machine for the execution of Prolog consisting of a memory architecture and an instruction set designed in 1983 by David H
wamp64 WAMP refers to a web development software stack utilizing Windows, Apache Web Server, MySQL database, and the PHP programming language
walrus a storage service that is part of Eucalyptus, a private-cloud offering built to be compatible with the Amazon cloud.
typewatch A jquery plugin to determine when a user has stopped typing in a text field.
updatecheck null
updatedate null
updateexception null
untyped-variables null
userland null
tonic an open source less is more, RESTful Web application development PHP library designed to do things , where resources are king and the library gets out of the way and leaves the…
tmb Questions relating to the R Template Model Builder package: https://github.com/kaskr/adcomp https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/TMB/index.html
toisostring null
tokenize2 null
tridion-storage-extension Tridion 2011 Storage Extension, includes extending the storage type in Tridion
transducer-machines a framework for describing I/O in a functional setting
tr24731 a technical report prepared by the ISO C standardization committee, now incorporated as Annex K in the ISO/IEC 9899:2011 C Standard
truncate-log null
twitter-client Twitter Client refers to the application that is authorized to read and/or write by using the Twitter APIs.
rational-developer-for-i a family of Eclipse-based IDEs
ravenhq a commercial hosting solution for RavenDB.
rbar a SQL term which is short for processing data, Row By Agonizing Row.
raco The raco program supports various Racket tasks from a command line
rapture.io a fledgling library for Scala which provides a consistent, intuitive and extensible API for handling common I/O operations, such as sending HTTP requests and streaming data between file…
qopenglfunctions a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides cross-platform access to the OpenGL ES 2.0 API.
qgraphicswidget In the QT framework, QGraphicsWidget class is the base class for all widget items in a QGraphicsScene.
quantile-regression null
quantitative null
query-help null
queryinterceptor null
reference-library null
realview null
real-time-strategy null
renderdoc null
reference-parameters null
resharper-9.2 null
resourceproviderfactory null
resource-dll null
rfc1035 RFC 1035, issued by the IETF, describes the workings of the Domain Name System and Protocol.
rinari an Emacs minor mode that is aimed towards making Emacs into a top-notch Ruby and Rails development environment.
sciruby a tools for Scientific Computing in Ruby.
seandroid the android version of SELinux - A mandatory access control system for the Android operating system
searchcontainer Data GUI generator for Liferay entities
seam-gen null
serviceextension null
setuserinteractionenabled null
sfauthenticationsession null
server-hardware null
rowtest null
routedeventargs null
robospock an Android testing framework which brings Spockframework to Android applications
rmo a managed code assembly that encapsulates replication functionalities for SQL Server
ripping null
runpy null
run-loop null
samsung-galaxy-camera Android powered device which combines features of smartphone and camera
sap-bsp an ABAP-stack server technology that provides both an MVC approach and a low level http request/response approach.
sass-maps null
sass-rails for the Ruby tools Sass precompiler used together with the Rails web framework.
ott the broadband video delivery without the ISP being involved in the control or distribution of the content
paintbox null
page-state null
pagefunction null
parenscript a translator from an extended subset of Common Lisp to JavaScript.
parity-io null
paul-graham Related to Paul Graham, who has written about seed capital firm and …
paypal-here null
pattern-finding null
pbrt null
occam-pi a concurrent programming language using the process-oriented programming model, which aims to make it straightforward to write correct, expressive concurrent programs
object-destructuring null
october-partial null
onbeforeload null
on-disk null
openfin a desktop runtime environment for running html5 applications outside of a browser
opera-blink Opera Blink refers to the Opera browser from version 15 onwards, which uses the Blink rendering engine .
operadriver WebDriver implementation developed by Opera Software
oppo for questions related to application development issues affecting just Oppo Mobile devices.
oracle-data-modeler a free graphical tool that enhances productivity and simplifies data modeling tasks
oracle-map-viewer null
orckestra-cms null
oracle-xml-db-repository null
oraoledb Open standard data access methodology which utilizes Component Object Model interfaces for accessing and manipulating different types of data.
prismic.io A developer-friendly CMS backend
printjs A tiny javascript library to help printing from the web.
privoxy null
privateobject.invoke null
project-open an open-source project management system.
project-intu null
pychart null
pyarango Python Object Wrapper for ArangoDB with built-in validation http://pyArango.tariqdaouda.com
pt-online-schema-change a command-line tool which emulates the way that MySQL alters tables internally, but it works on a copy of the table you wish to alter
promoting null
proxool a Java connection pool
prvalue null
pscl An R package to provide various functions conducting bayesian analysis of item-response theory models, roll call analysis, computing highest density regions, maximum likelihood estimation of zer…
pinging null
pimcore-v5 an open source content management system running on PHP and MySQL, released under the terms of the GPLv3 Licence and based on Zend Framework and ExtJS.
php-code-coverage null
picard Picard comprises Java-based command-line utilities that manipulate SAM files, and a Java API for creating new programs that read and write SAM files.
permanent-generation null
perlvar null
plotnine a python plotting package that implements a
playscalajs null
plesk-onyx null
powerpoint-automation null
pngfix null
python-pbr a library that injects some useful and sensible default behaviors into your setuptools run.
pygui cross-platform pythonic GUI API
pygrib null
odoo-accounting null
s60-3rd-edition S60v3 uses a hardened version of Symbian OS , which has mandatory code signing
s60-5th-edition About Symbian S60 5th Edition.
amazonica A comprehensive Clojure client for the entire Amazon AWS api.
autocommenting null
angular-router-loader null
ngx-modal null
fedora11 Version 11 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
ngdraggable null
reactql ReactQL starter kit for React + GraphQL
read.fwf null
react-slingshot null
react-sortable-hoc null
azure-xplat-cli Azure XPlat CLI provides a cross-platform command line interface for developers and IT administrators to develop, deploy and manage Microsoft Azure applications.
babel-6 null
appc the CLI command for Appcelerator Platform development.
apotomo null
apollo-android A strongly-typed, caching GraphQL client for Android, written in Java
ios-urlsheme null
angular-date-format null
vuze a desktop Bitorrent client written in Java.
waf-framework-c# an open-source framework designed to aid in the construction of WPF applications using the MVVM pattern.
crlf-vulnerability null
cross-domain-proxy null
statsvn a metrics-analysis tool for charting software evolution through analysis of Subversion source repositories.
statusbaritem null
stdany a type-safe container for single values of any type.
database-independent null
data.stackexchange.com null
lava A Domain Specific Language for expressing hardware-oriented descriptions of computations.
lcom null
registerhelper null
regsub a command that matches the regular expression exp against string in TCL.
regula an annotation-based form-validation library for client-side validation written in JavaScript
release-cycle null
entityresolver null
entity-framework-4.2 null
entityconnection Contains a reference to a conceptual model and a data source connection
commodity null
kylix a commercial Pascal compiler and IDE for Linux.
kunena a fully integrated forum extension for Joomla.
xmlindex null
xmlupdate null
xnanimation null
yandex-metrika A hosted tool that helps increase web site conversion rates.
xcharts a Javascript library for building data-driven visualisations based on D3.js
wvvm MVVM using WPF
wubi null
wumpus-world a simple test environment for intelligent agents.
wso2apicloud null
ws-ex-layered null
yii2-grid null
yii-behaviour null
yui-autocomplete null
haven null
jspsych A JavaScript library for creating and running behavioral experiments in a web browser.
zxspectrum The Sinclair ZX Spectrum was a popular 8-bit British microcomputer based on the Zilog Z80 CPU, which sold over five million units in the 1980s and was imitated by dozens of unofficial clones.
zenbot a command-line cryptocurrency trading bot using Node.js and MongoDB.
zapproxy null
yfrog null
yeti an ML style functional programming language that runs on the JVM.
rich-ui null
fsshttp File Synchronization via SOAP over HTTP Protocol
netlify-cms Ask questions about the Netlify CMS open source project
network-conduit null
nested-statement null
protogen null
protobuf-java null
protobufjs a pure JavaScript implementation of the Google's Protocol Buffers.
property-testing null
protected-resource null
blazy null
blackberry-ndk a tool that lets you develop applications for BlackBerry OS 10 using C and C++.
blackberry-os-v5 null
codan the code analysis plug-in for Eclipse
bloc.io null
blkid null
blessed a
django-jet Modern responsive template for the Django admin interface with improved functionality http://jet.geex-arts.com/
django-localeurl null
angular2-cookie null
angular2-localstorage null
react-map-gl React friendly API wrapper around MapboxGL JS.
angular2-toaster an Angular 2-@Next compatible port of the John Papa's toastr and AngularJS-Toaster libraries.
azure-database-postgresql PostgreSQL as-a-service in MS Azure
procedural-music music composed by, or with the extensive aid of, a computer or computer programs.
procobol To access an Oracle database, you use a high-level query language called Structured Query Language
productsign null
wxlua a Lua scripting language wrapper around the wxWidgets cross-platform C++ GUI library.
like-keyword null
linear-types null
qstringlistmodel a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a model that supplies strings to views.
xamdatachart null
xaringan An R package to create HTML5 slides based on R Markdown and the JavaScript library remark.js.
qtquick-designer User interface designer for the declarative programming language qml
qtbluetooth a module from the Qt Toolkit which provides an API for connectivity between Bluetooth enabled devices.
data-parallel-haskell the codename for an extension to the Glasgow Haskell Compiler and its libraries to support nested data parallelism.
data-profiling the process of examining the data available in an existing data source and collecting statistics and information about that data.
msvcr90d.dll null
mssqlft An Syntax for the Microsoft SharePoint Server.
mt19937 null
stubby4j A highly flexible and configurable tool for testing interactions of SOA applications with web services
ironjs an ECMAScript 3.0 implementation built on top of the Dynamic Language Runtime from Microsoft which allows you to embed a JavaScript runtime into your .NET applications.
structured-references Structure references define rectangular sections of tables using special syntax, table column names, and reserved keywords instead of relative or absolute references
structured-storage null
candisplaybannerads null
couchpotato a Ruby library for working with CouchDB
pytmx null
qaxwidget a QWidget that wraps an ActiveX control.
qdesktopservices a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides methods for accessing common desktop services.
transfuse a Java Dependency Injection and integration library geared specifically for the Google Android API.
qfontmetrics null
ramda-fantasy Fantasy Land compatible types for easy integration with Ramda.
ramdirectory null
rainbows an HTTP server for sleepy Rack applications
rainbowattack Type of computer attack based on precomputed tables of cryptographic hashes.
rails-composer null
publicdomain The concept of public domain dates back to early Roman law
httpconfiguration null
push-relabel null
integerupdown null
fbsdkappinvitecontent null
intellij-16 an IDE by JetBrains
atomic-long Anything related to the Java `AtomicLong` data type, an integer type that can be accessed and updated atomically.
windows-forms-host null
html.radiobuttonlist null
htc-thunderbolt a smartphone runs on Android
hp-cloud-services null
hpx a general purpose C++ runtime system for parallel and distributed applications of any scale
hotpatching null
hopscotch a framework to make it easy for developers to add product tours to their pages
redo-logs null
log4view The powerful log viewer for log4net, NLog, and log4j.
logbook a logging system for Python that replaces the standard library’s logging module.
firefox7 Version 7 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
audio-comparison null
parallel-assignment Assignment syntax where several variables get assigned in parallel.
paraffin null
views2 null
viridis An R package implementing several popular color maps, such as the 'viridis' 'magma', 'plasma', 'inferno', and 'cividis' in R
recoverymodel null
recursive-type null
markojs An HTML-based templating engine that compiles templates to Node.js-compatible JavaScript modules and supports streaming, async rendering and custom tags.
android-activityrecord Lightweight persistence library for Android.
android-activity-alias a tag located in the AndroidManifest.xml with various attributes like the drawable resource of the icon, the label, the name or the permissions.
mapxtreme A GIS SDK for Microsoft .NET, allowing developers to perform spatial computations.
pending-transition null
type-narrowing null
selmer null
send-on-behalf-of null
ups-api The Application Programming Interface provided by United Parcel Service of America, Inc allows integration of UPS shipping functionality directly into a website or enterprise system.
goldbach-conjecture null
go-iris Use for questions regarding the Go Iris web-framework
goji a minimalistic web framework that values composability and simplicity.
go-imagick Go binding to ImageMagick's MagickWand C API
reswift null
jjaql A query language designed for JSON.
restricted-profiles a feature introduced in Android Jelly Bean 4.3 that enables you to give users of your applications improved control when sharing their tablet.
focus-stealing null
focusvisualstyle null
fmp4 null
maven-package null
angular-guards null
maven-jarsigner-plugin This plugin provides the capability to sign or verify a project artifact and attachments using jarsigner.
matrix-synapse null
folktale a suite of libraries for generic functional programming in JavaScript that allows you to write elegant modular applications with fewer bugs and more reuse.
foq a lightweight thread-safe mocking library for F#, C# & VB.Net.
go-server null
appsflyer-android-sdk AppsFlyer's SDK provides app installation tracking and event tracking functionality for Android devices.
app-router null
appmethod null
active-attr a set of modules that makes it easy to create plain old ruby models with functionality found in ORMs, like ActiveRecord, without reinventing the wheel
activemessaging null
acsl null
osisoft Questions related OSIsoft software: PI System, PI Data Archive, PI Asset Framework, PI Vision, PI ProcessBook, PI DataLink.
oryx The Oryx open source project provides simple, real-time large-scale machine learning / predictive analytics infrastructure.
application-integration null
pg-jdbc a Java driver for the Postgresql relational database management system.
pg-upgrade pg_upgrade allows data stored in PostgreSQL data files to be upgraded to a later PostgreSQL major version without the data dump/reload typically required for major versio…
pf-ring http://www.ntop.org/products/packet-capture/pf_ring/
perspective-broker a .
petl null
s3-rewrite-rules null
js.class null
react-final-form null
react-engine a composite render engine for universal express apps to render both plain react views and react-router views
worksite-sdk software tools for manipulating worksite documents
re2c a c++ tool for writing fast and flexible scanners.
react-async Related to sync feature of React.js : http://facebook.github.io/react/
wpn-xm a free and open-source web server solution stack for professional PHP development on the Windows platform.
wpf-interop null
pypandoc null
pyqtdeploy for questions about the pyqtdeploy utility, which is a development tool for deploying PyQt applications to desktop and mobile platforms.
boost-type-erasure null
boost.test A test-framework provided by Boost
chibios a real-time operating system intended for use on embedded platforms like microcontrollers
onpreinit null
ons-api The Office for National Statistics OpenAPI is a RESTful web service which returns UK statistical data as XML or JSON
onserviceconnected null
open4 null
streaming-video The process of delivering a video from a server to a client, different from the download in that the client is able to watch the video while it's being downloaded.
stratum null
storio a Java API that replaces the SQLiteDatabase and ContentResolver API:s.
drupal-boost a third-party module that provides caching for static pages.
drombler-fx Drombler FX - the modular application framework for JavaFX
dropdownchecklist a javascript plugin based on the jQuery library that transforms a regular select html element into a dropdown checkbox list.
drupal-multi-domain null
nspoint null
pysqlcipher an interface to the SQLite 3.x embedded relational database engine
python.el an emacs mode for programming in Python.
pyrex null
errata null
ascensor a jQuery plugin that allows you to organize your content in an “architectural” way.
as3xls null
swixml SwiXml parses an XML document to generate a Java Swing program.
responsestream null
response.filter null
esprima.js a high performance, standard-compliant JavaScript parser written in JavaScript.
ethercard a driver for the ENC28J60 chip, compatible with Arduino IDE.
objectsize The size of an object in an object oriented language typically refers to objectsize.
mongokitten a native, production-ready MongoDB driver written in pure Swift.
mongodb-3.6 null
ui-validate null
ultraesb a lightweight enterprise service bus capable of supporting many transports and message formats natively
umbraco-forms null
hibernate-jpa null
web-api-contrib a collection of open source projects to help improve your work with ASP.NET Web API
tvbox null
thoughtbot null
tttattritubedlabel A drop-in replacement for UILabel that supports attributes, data detectors, link embedding, both automatically with UIDataDetectorTypes and manually by specifying a range for a URL, address, phone num…
tubular a jQuery plugin that allows you to set a YouTube video as your page background.
turtle-mock C++ mock object library for Boost
turn.js a JavaScript library that will make your content look like a real book or catalog using HTML5 and CSS3.
tsavedialog a VCL control implementing a modal dialog
gwt-validation null
gzipfile a software application used for file compression and decompression
openslide a C library that provides a simple interface to read whole-slide images .
opensoundcontrol a protocol for communication among computers, sound synthesizers, and other multimedia devices that is optimized for modern networking technology.
openstack4j null
openstacknetsdk An OpenStack SDK for Microsoft .NET
antimalware null
ansible-api for questions regarding Ansible Python API.
live-unit-tests Questions about the Live Unit Testing feature of Visual Studio 2017 Enterprise Edition
litecoin a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency and open source software project released under the MIT/X11 license
beforenavigate2 Fires before navigation occurs in the given object .
bazel-aspect null
bcdstore null
ghcjs-dom null
ghc-pkg handle GHC packages
ginac Not a Computer Algebra System
gist-index In computing, GiST or Generalized Search Tree, is a data structure and API that can be used to build a variety of disk-based search trees.
repost null
reporting-services-2016 null
replication-factor null
getseq a log server that runs on a central machine
requestvalidationmode null
design-surface null
dependent-method-type null
vsts-online null
ctfont null
ctfontref null
facebook-tag null
facebooktoolkit null
automatic-variable null
vscode-debugger null
system.web.http null
systemfit null
system-databases null
system.net.websockets The System.Net.WebSockets namespace provides a managed implementation of the WebSocket interface for developers.
system.graphics null
nsdecimal null
control-state null
convertall null
npyscreen a python widget library and application framework for programming terminal or console applications
n-quads For questions related to N-Quads: a line-based, plain text format for encoding an RDF dataset, a superset of N-Triples, primarily designed for representing named graphs
nsaffinetransform null
nrules an open source production rules engine for .NET, based on the Rete matching algorithm
scala-script null
scala-repl null
union-subclass null
google-desktop null
javascript-audio-api null
google-groups-migration null
key-storage null
multiple-mice null
id-card null
iconutil iconutil -- Utility to convert between '.iconset' and '.icns' files
icws ICWS stands for Interaction Center Web Services, a REST API for Genesys's PureConnect
maglev a 64-bit open source implementation of the Ruby programming language and libraries built on top of VMware’s GemStone/S 3.1 Virtual Machine.
magicline null
magic null
uicontextualaction null
klaxon a library to parse JSON in Kotlin.
kite an Emacs front-end for the WebKit debugger
kloudless Kloudless provides a single cloud storage API in the place of many disparate APIs.
klist Windows command that displays a list of currently cached Kerberos tickets
kinto an open-source web-service that helps storing, synchronising and sharing JSON objects
flask-session null
gridlookupedit null
flask-ask a Flask extension that makes building Alexa skills for the Amazon Echo easier and much more fun.
grdb a popular Swift library used in relation to the SQLite database
gretl a cross-platform software package for econometric analysis, written in the C programming language
rtsj The Real-Time Specification for Java standardizes an API and other properties of real-time capable Java Virtual Machines.
ruby-debug-ide null
numpy-dtype Must be used ONLY for queries pertaining to the type of data passed in a `numpy` object
numerology null
nunit-mocks null
scratch-file for all issues related to temporary files, otherwise known as scratch files.
scrapysharp ScrapySharp has a Web Client able to simulate a real Web browser wrapping the HtmlAgilityPack API.
search-server null
security-zone null
seekbarpreference null
admin-interface null
brep the abbreviation for Boundary REPresentation, a method for representing shapes using their limits.
bpg an alternative browser image format intended to replace JPGs.
webscarab OWASP WebScarab: a framework for analysing applications that communicate using the HTTP and HTTPS protocols
webpack-watch A bundler for javascript and friends
flightpath null
mousearea null
stackato a commercially supported Platform-as-a-Service based on open source technologies.
mozjpeg Mozilla JPEG Encoder Project
hummus.js a node.js driver for my PDF library PDFHummus
sqlmigrations Solution for Entity Framework Code First that will incrementally evolve the database schema as the model changes over time
hwndsource null
iactivescript null
prepareforreuse null
prelaunch null
pretender.js a mock server library.
prettyplotlib null
rstanarm null
rsrc RSRC, or a file with the .rsrc extension, is a Macintosh resource file
rspec-sidekiq Simple testing of Sidekiq jobs via a collection of matchers and helpers
eclipse-m2t-jet an Eclipse framework that can generate Eclipse resources from an input model
easendmail a component for sending emails.
easylogging++ null
easypie a jQuery plugin that uses the canvas element to render simple pie charts for single values.
xqj Questions relating to the use of XQJ, the XQuery API for Java defined in JSR 225, which is implemented in a number of Java-based XQuery products including BaseX and Saxon
xpressive null
xspec a unit test and Behaviour Driven Development framework for XSLT and XQuery.
xtea a block cipher designed to correct weaknesses in TEA.
ssrs-subscription null
constructorargument null
ssdl null
sscli null
ssh-config null
const-method null
connect-assets null
offsite null
ojb null
om.next null
olympus-camerakit the Software Development Kit for OLYMPUS Open Platform Cameras
cbmc a bounded model checker for C and C++
plainelastic.net a Github opensource project that aims at being a GLASS BOX, and at providing full control to user over connectivity process.
pixman a low-level software library for pixel manipulation, providing features such as image compositing and trapezoid rasterization.
node-libcurl for questions related to the module usage.
node-seriate A cross platform module for Microsoft SQL Server that wraps node-mssql
tinyxml++ a completely new interface to TinyXML that uses many of the C++ strengths
titanium-studio null
tiny-core-linux null
tinn-r null
tingodb embedded JavaScript NoSql database for Node.js and node-webkit.
slik null
skype-uri.js The Skype.ui JavaScript function enables you to dynamically embed Skype URIs that have a pre-defined appearance and user interface similar to Skype buttons, but provides additional functionality, such…
grunt-spritesmith a Grunt task for converting a set of images into a spritesheet and corresponding CSS variables.
gstreamer-sharp null
gtm-database a key-value database engine and application development platform using the ISO standard M language .
mobx-state-tree null
guest-executable null
smspdu SMS PDU encoding and decoding, including GSM-0338 character set
smooth-numbers an integer which factors completely into small prime numbers
smoothie.js Use this for questions regarding the smoothie.js charting library
collaboration-diagram Collaboration diagram shows interaction between objects
expression-blend-5 null
android-tablet-layout A layout defines the visual structure for a user interface, such as the UI for an activity, fragment or app widget
android-spellcheck The Android platform offers a spelling checker framework that lets you implement and access spell checking in your application
asp.net-mvc-uihint null
android-sdk-plugin An easy-to-use sbt plugin for working with all Android projects.
assembly.reflectiononly null
inline-namespaces a C++11 feature designed to support library versioning.
inline-table-function null
in-memory-data-grid null
inno-tools-downloader InnoTools Downloader was an Inno Setup script and DLL which allowed to download files as part of an installation
tool-rec null
toolz a python package that provides a suite of composable, pure and lazy functions that make it easy to work in a functional style.
clcircleregion a subclass of CLRegion used in creating geofence regions in iOS 7 and later.
ckfetchrecordchangesopera A CKFetchRecordChangesOperation object reports on the changed and deleted records in the specified record zone
genstage a specification for exchanging events between producers and consumers for Elixir.
genericprincipal null
generic-relationship null
tora a database client which provides browsing, editing, and debugging tools for multiple SQL dialects on multiple platforms.
touchdevelop a programming environment that provides high-level abstractions to enable the creation of scripts on and for touch-based devices that access web services.
totem null
php-pdftk null
phplib null
ls-remote null
ls-colors null
lpwstr a 32-bit pointer to a string of 16-bit Unicode characters, which MAY be null-terminated.
compute-capability CUDA uses a recursion-free, function-pointer-free subset of the C language, plus some simple extensions.
lua-4.0 a powerful, fast, lightweight, embeddable scripting language
git-subrepo git-subrepo command an external git repo into a subdirectory of your repo
lungojs a framework powered by HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript for creating mobile web apps
luntbuild a build automation and management tool.
6nf intended to decompose relation variables to irreducible components.
dynamic-data-exchange null
dxut a -like framework for Direct3D 11.x Win32 desktop applications; primarily samples, demos, and prototypes.
libcmtd null
mdx-query null
mdw null
libresolv A library consisting of functions that enable the creation, delivery, and interpretation of packets used for the Domain Name Service .
source-highlighting null
controller-actions null
sonic PHP 5.3 framework, with focus on performance
soundeffectinstance null
mediarss null
media-manager the name of the SDL Media Management System
solus Solus OS Linux distribution.
bing-webmaster-tools Bing's Webmaster Tools provides data for webmasters to use and address potential SEO issues, and serves as the primary mechanism for Bing to communicate those issues to site owners.
3d-studio Software for making 3D animations, models, and images
signalmaster a simple socket.io server for WebRTC signaling
axios-mock-adapter null
aws-reserved-instances null
aws-redshift null
double-splat null
shouldstartload null
shouldautorotate null
nats-streaming-server a persistent messaging system running on top of the NATS messaging system written in the Go language
nativedroid A jQuery Mobile Theme inspired by the native GUI of mobile devices.
mysql-error-1222 Error #1222 - The used SELECT statements have a different number of columns
mysql-error-1235 Error 1235 - This version of MySQL doesn't yet support ...
ndde a library that provides a convenient and easy way to integrate .NET applications with legacy applications that use Dynamic Data Exchange .
ndesk.options a callback-based program option parser for C#.
inboxsdk null
indexhibit null
wix4 For issues relating to deployment using Windows Installer XML, version 4.
spir SPIR - Standard Portable Intermediate Representation - is a family of open-standard cross-platform intermediate languages
spinwait a technique used in multithreaded applications whereby one thread waits for other threads for protecting a critical section, for barriers, or for other synchronizations.
spiffs a file system intended for SPI NOR flash devices on embedded targets
wkrefreshbackgroundtask null
fixed-format null
flashcanvas FlashCanvas provides a fairly accurate emulation of HTML5 Canvas to Internet Explorer.
filesysteminfo null
fakevim library to emulate Vim in QTextEdit
fakeroot null
failed-to-connect null
f#-powerpack a collection of libraries and tools for use with the F# programming language.
facebook-call-to-action null
fanstatic Fanstatic: Resource publishing for Pythonistas
feedbackpanel null
function-query null
functx a library of XQuery and XLST functions.
function-exit null
friendfeed null
flipside null
floating-ip Detachable IP assigned dynamically to openstack instance
floating-point-comparison null
flow-diagram null
forio-contour an open-source Javascript library for creating interactive charts visualizations.
elementary-functions null
element-binding null
elasticsearch-head null
dynamic-web-twain JavaScript Image Scanning Library
eclipse-metadata The information saved and stored by Eclipse about the configuration of the workspace, its projects and plugins.
editcap Command-line utility for working with capture files - remove packets, convert capture files from one format to another,print information about capture files.
ecobertura a free Eclipse plugin for Cobertura, a Java code coverage reporting tool.
drupal-regions places where Drupal blocks can be placed, defined by the active theme.
dumping null
dynamic-management-views null
evaporate.js a javascript library for directly uploading files from a web browser to AWS S3, using S3's multipart upload.
evc used for questions related to evc .
ezpdf null
ember-paper null
enigma2 null
eqatec a software company headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark
grapecity null
gradle-3.0 null
gradlefx a Gradle plugin for building Flex and Actionscript applications.
google-play-books Google Play Books is a cross-platform ebook application offered by Google.
grunt-browser-sync null
grunt-connect null
gui-editor null
guidance-automation-tool a Visual Studio extension that helps build guidance packages, which empower software teams to automate key development tasks
grunt-contrib-jade Grunt module to compile Jade templates
gulp-jest a gulp plugin for running tests using Jest library.
guitexture null
gunit null
handlersocket a MySQL plugin that implements a NoSQL protocol for MySQL
handsoap a library for creating SOAP clients in Ruby
haraka A modern, high performance, flexible SMTP server written in async nodejs with a plugin architecture
git-slave Gitslave creates a group of related repositories—superproject repository and a number of slave repositories—all of which are concurrently developed on and on which all git operations should normally o…
gn null
goconvey a 2-pronged testing tool for the Go programming language
gnu99 GNU dialect of ISO C99.
getpwnam null
git-dangling Questions concerning dangling commits or blobs in Git
gitea A git repository manager forked from gogs and written in Go
gitg a Git GUI that provides a graphical representation of Git actions
git-non-bare-repository A non-bare Git repository, unlike a bare repo, has a working copy .
general-protection-fault null
imperative-languages Programming languages based on the paradigm of imperative programming.
impact-analysis null
infinite-recursion An infinite recursion occurs when one or several recursive methods keep on calling each other and never reaching a terminal case
infoset null
inputmethodmanager an Android API for interacting with input methods
ibm-swift-sandbox an online tool that allows users to write, execute, and share Swift code
ibm-was-oc a service that facilitates quick setup on a pre-configured WebSphere Application Server Liberty Web Profile Server or a Traditional Full Profile in a hosted cloud en…
imetadataimport null
imebra a C++ DICOM library
image-unit binding points for OpenGL textures, separate from texture image units, that allow arbitrary read/write and atomic access, not available with textures.
hellosign Use to identify questions related to use of, or problems with, HelloSign's APIs.
hexchat A cross platform IRC client.
hjcache an open-source caching library for asynchronous loading of images for iOS.
html-dataset HTML5 data-* attributes that can be managed with javascript in an easy way.
httpserverutility null
my-model-jami an extended CI_Model class to use in your CodeIgniter applications
n3-charts a charting library built on top of D3 for angular.js
mysqlupgrade Questions related to the command `mysql_upgrade` which will migrate the data from one version to another version.
mvcextensions null
multi-model-database Multi-model database supports multiple data models against a single, integrated backend
multiple-interface-implem null
neo4jrb a ruby/rails is a server extension library for managing JVM scripting languages
neo4j-php-ogm a pure PHP library that can persist domain objects using Neo4j.
neo4j-plugin null
nixops a tool for deploying sets of NixOS Linux machines, either to real hardware or to virtual machines
nest2 null
oauth2-toolkit null
objc-protocol null
objectal an audio library which provides a simpler, Objective-C interface to OpenAL and AVAudioPlayer for iOS developers.
nvidia-titan null
noraui NoraUI is an open source test automation tool for web pages
nopcommerce-4.0 null
node-expat libexpat XML SAX parser binding for node.js
node-blade is a HTML Template Compiler implemented in JavaScript.
node-amqplib AMQP 0-9-1 library and client for Node.JS
msagl a .NET tool for graph layout and viewing
msbuild-14.0 a short for Microsoft Build, which is a tool to build .net applications
mpremotecommandcenter null
monotone an open-source distributed version control system.
mllp MLLP Protocol
ml-studio null
mktemp null
mkoverlaypathrenderer null
model-mommy Model-mommy offers a smart way to create fixtures for testing in Django
modelr an R package by Hadley Wickham designed to allow common operations with models to be piped
mobify-js An open source library for improving responsive sites by providing responsive images, JS/CSS optimization, Adaptive Templating and more.
mod-filter an Apache module that enables smart, context-sensitive configuration of output content filters.
max-allowed-packet null
maxby Returns the greatest of all elements of the sequence, compared by using Operators.max on the function result.
material-swift null
material-components-ios Modular and customizable Material Design UI components for iOS
mate-desktop a traditional desktop environment
maniphest Customizable Task Management software with built-in Kanban workboards.
managedinstallerclass null
maskededitvalidator MaskedEditValidator, part of the AjaxControlToolkit is a custom validator which attaches to the MaskedEdit extender and its associated TextBox and verifies that the input text matches the pattern spec…
midas-server a component of Delphi Internet Express.
meta-title null
meteor-collection-hooks null
melt-framework null
memberinfo null
menuitem-selection null
memoryanalyzer null
memoise An R package to cache the results of a function, so when the function called with the same arguments it can retrieve pre-computed values.
junaio an augmented reality browser for Android and iOS.
julia-gpu Questions pertaining to using julia-lang to interface with graphics processing units
justcode a Visual Studio extension that provides on-the-spot .NET code analysis and error checking, smart navigation and refactoring.
jquery-mobile-slider used to add a slider widget to your page when developing a website or app using jQuery Mobile framework .
jsecurity null
jetbrains-hub a team integration tool that connects JetBrains issue trackers, coder reviewers, and build managers; starts projects; and provides single sign-on and central user management.
jfif an image file format standard.
jquery-mobile-grid null
isgl3d a 3D framework for the iPhone, iPad and iPod touch written in Objective-C
ion-select null
ionic-popover a view that floats above an app’s content
jaxb2-simplify-plugin JAXB2 Simplify Plugin simplifies complex properties which XJC sometimes generates.
malloc-history null
list.selectedvalue null
localserversocket null
localsocket a form of IPC
license-maven-plugin null
linkshare null
kendo-ui-window a Kendo UI component.
keras-rl a Reinforcement Learning library based on Keras
knockout-viewmodel-plugin a fast small, clean, flexible way to create a knockout view model.
kotlin-native a technology for compiling Kotlin to native binaries that run without any VM
kpm K Package Manager manages packages needed by applications to run
leftist-tree null
less-loader null
libxlsxwriter a C library for creating Excel XLSX files
ci-server null
citymaps vector map SDK for iOS & Android based on OSM data
cleartk From website "ClearTK provides a framework for developing statistical natural language processing components in Java and is built on top of Apache UIMA
charts4j a free, lightweight charts & graphs Java API.
charisma a fully featured, free, responsive, HTML5 admin template based on Bootstrap from Twitter, it comes with different themes to suit your style and application type.
cdk CDK refers to the NCurses CDK
cassia a .NET library for accessing the native Windows Terminal Services API
cfb-mode null
cfajaxproxy for questions related to cfajaxproxy, a tag that provides the ability to create a JavaScript proxy
centrify Centrify DirectControl controls authentication and privileges that user has to access across disparate systems and applications by extending Active Directory-based authentication, enabling use of Wind…
cm The SML/NJ Compilation Manager
poc null
pocketmine a server software written in PHP for Minecraft: PE, also developed into other derivatives
c++-tr2 TR2 - C++ Technical Report 2, proposed extensions to the C++ standard library after C++11.
c++-coroutine for questions about the Coroutine TS proposal for C++.
c14n null
polyglot-persistance Polyglot Persistence, like polyglot programming, is all about choosing and/or combining the right persistence option for the task at hand.
polymaps a free JavaScript library for making dynamic, interactive maps in modern web browsers.
weyland Durandal's cross-platform, NodeJS-based build tool, designed for optimized web deploy.
wh-keyboard-ll null
cache-oblivious null
embedded-container null
embedded-script null
embedded-server null
wiegand a de facto wiring standard which arose from the popularity of Wiegand effect card readers in the 1980s
badboy null
baresip a portable and modular SIP User-Agent with audio and video support.
base58 a Ruby library/gem for converting ints to and from base58.
bam Business Activity Monitoring allows for the delivery of summarized, real-time operational data
bhm BizTalk Health Monitor ..
bitmap-index null
bizagi a Business Process Management solution for faster and flexible process automation.
bluenrg a very low power Bluetooth low energy single-mode network processor, compliant with Bluetooth specification v4.0.
bluesmirf A Bluetooth module available from SparkFun Electronics
booggie a development environment for graph transformation systems
bookblock a jQuery plugin that will create a booklet-like component that let's you navigate through its items by flipping the pages.
bold-delphi an advanced Object Relational Mapper and application framework.
bolt null
camaleon CMS platform based on Ruby on Rails
camel-test null
card-flip null
c#-code-model null
cakephp-2.4.7 The latest stable version of CakePHP
bootstrap-notify a simple plugin that turns standard Bootstrap alerts into notifications.
bottom-type a subtype of all types.
boundcolumn null
dart-rpc a package for building server-side RESTful Dart APIs.
data-gateway connectivity software from Microsoft which enables access to on-premises data from within Azure-based platforms such as Power BI or PowerApps.
demos null
denotational-semantics an approach of formalizing the meanings of programming languages by constructing mathematical objects that describe the meanings of expressions from the …
delay-sign null
django-supervisor null
django-syndication null
django-sitetree Reusable application for Django introducing site tree, menu and breadcrumbs navigation elements.
django-rss null
dmalloc a debug malloc library for C and C++ users
dolby an American company specializing in audio noise reduction and audio encoding and compression technology
docx-mailmerge null
dom-if a Polymer API component that allows different HTML template content to be rendered based on whether an inline condition is met.
devexpress-gridcontrol Used for questions relating to the DevExpress WPF GridControl component.
device-compatibility Device-compatibility refers to the ability of a electronic device to run a particular application or use a particular hardware feature.
django-1.1 a version of the Django framework, released in July 2009
distutils2 the newer and backwards-incompatible version of the python distutils library
directus Questions regarding the use or development of directus CMS
directorystream null
django-activity-stream null
crystal-reports-2005 Crystal Reports version for Visual Studio 2005, based on Crystal Reports 10
cryptlib a security toolkit library that allows programmers to incorporate encryption and authentication services to software.
crush an acronym for Controlled Replication Under Scalable Hashing
createbitmap null
coverstory null
columnattribute null
code-testing null
compile-mode null
concurrent-processing null
configatron a Ruby library that makes it easy to have persistently accessible configuration data available through your Ruby application.
23andme-api API which allows third party developers to reference an individual's DNA data from 23andMe in their own applications and tools.
.net-core-rc1 null
access-protection Restrictions that allow to protect variables from external/ unintended modification.
ace-tao null
access-ef-provider Use for questions about accessing to mdb files and accdb files using entity framework provider for MS Access
elasticsearch-bulk null
elaboration null
ejabberd-saas for XMPP or ejabberd-related development question that are specific to ejabberd SaaS platform.
shared-variable used within multi-threaded software as the name implies; a variable that is shared between threads and in the context of thread safety and using mutexes in mind.
actuator Actuators convert signals into physical stimuli, which can be perceived by humans or other systems
aero-peek null
adsl Asymmetric digital subscriber line is a type of digital subscriber line technology, a data communications technology that enables faster data transmission over copper telephone lines than…
advertised-shortcut null
alfresco-ldap null
allusersprofile null
amoeba-gem Anything related to Amoeba ruby gem for easy cloning of ActiveRecord objects
arcamera null
arc2 a PHP 5.3 library for working with RDF
argotic A powerful and extensible .NET web content syndication framework for RSS, Atom, OPML, APML, BlogML, RSD and more
astah UML editor integrated with ERD, DFD, CRUD and mind mapping features.
asp.net-mvc-awesome a library of jQuery based Ajax Helpers for ASP.net MVC
aws-access-policy null
azure-load-balancer null
azure-managed-disk null
avgrund A jQuery plugin for modal boxes and popups
augraph null
aurelia-webpack null
angular-masonry null
angular-momentum Anything related to angular momentum
angular-ngmodelchange null
angular-permission a simple angular library to manage roles and permissions based access control for angular applications.
android-preference-v14 null
android-night-mode null
appian Business Process Model software - docs at https://docs.appian.com/
appfabric-beta-2 null
apple-app-site-associate Allows websites opened within an iOS browser to redirect to a native app, by adding a apple-app-site-association file to the root of the website.
applescript-studio null
apple-search-ads null
apple-profile-manager null
aqueduct an open-source, server-side framework written in Google’s Dart language.
apache-commons-dateutils A helper class from Apache commons-lang used for manipulations of Dates or Calendars.
apache-ranger null
apache-roller null
qvector3d The QVector3D class represents a vector or vertex in 3D space
qx11embedcontainer null
quicken null
pabx null
custom-scope null
custom-tools null
cuteeditor What You Get) browser-based Online HTML Editor for ASP.NET.
cuvid null
gae-sessions a fast, lightweight sessions middleware for Google App Engine
rocketpants a set of tools to make it easier to build well-designed APIs in Ruby and more importantly, along side Rails
rooted null
rootpy A feature-rich pythonic interface with the ROOT libraries on top of the PyROOT bindings.
diffbot A licenced visual learning robot that identifies and extracts the important parts of any web page
difference-between-rows null
validates-associated null
password-retrieval null
ora2pg a free tool used to migrate an Oracle database to a PostgreSQL compatible schema.
ora-12519 ORA-12519: TNS:no appropriate service handler found
ora-00928 ORA-00928: missing SELECT keyword
cfurl-encoding an object type providing facilities for creating, parsing, and dereferencing URL strings within the Core Foundation
cgi.pm Questions related to the CGI.pm Perl module.
mhash a free library which provides a uniform interface to a large number of hash algorithms
mgrammar Mgrammar language can to define a schema to validate textual input or map textual input into data structures
edward a Python library for probabilistic modeling, inference, and criticism, built on TensorFlow.
microsoft-glee the now-obsolete name for Microsoft Automatic Graph Layout , a .NET library for automatic graph layout based on layered graph drawing .…
egoimageview null
built.io an API-first enterprise suite that offers an iPaaS , Headless CMS , and mBaaS
itemcollection null
itrs null
j++ J++ was Microsoft's specific implementation of Java
kawa a language framework written in Java that implements the programming language Scheme, and can be used to implement other languages
k-combinator Use k-combinator for questions related to programmatically creating a constant function.
kappa a command line tool that makes it easier to deploy, update, and test functions for AWS Lambda.
kana the syllabic Japanese scripts, as opposed to the logographic Chinese characters known in Japan as kanji and the Roman alphabet known as rōmaji
kaizala a mobile app and service designed for large group communications and work management
kademi Kademi open learning platform
j2html null
bugtracker.net a free, open-source, web-based bug tracking and general purpose issue tracking application.
edwin the Scheme programming language available from within the EdWin emacs editor.
microsoft-ink null
eeepc null
mglmapview null
mic-1 a processor architecture invented by Andrew S
option-explicit null
cgpdfdictionaryref null
ora-01034 ORA-01034: ORACLE not available
ora-12705 ORA-12705: Cannot access NLS data files or invalid environment specified
pass-by-reference-value null
suncc SunCC, the Sun C Compiler, now part of Oracle Solaris Studio
sundials SUNDIALS
surface-hub null
digital-handwritting null
user-thread null
rosetta-code a programming chrestomathy site
rollingfilesink a type of sink available for the Serilog logging library
roda a routing tree web framework toolkit, with the primary goals of simplicity, reliability, extensibility, and performance.
customtypedescriptor null
cxml-collectionxml Collection XML , originally from Microsoft, is the schema used to describe structured data to be displayed in the PivotViewer collection experience.
alt.net ALT.NET describes a coalescing community of like-minded individuals within the larger world of the Microsoft® .NET Framework who felt a growing frustration that Microsoft tooling, guidance, and .NET c…
agda-mode a dependently typed functional programming language: It has inductive families, which are similar to Haskell's GADTs, but they can be indexed by values and not just types
ahp for questions relating to software handling Analytic Hierarchy Process, which organizes analyses complex decisions, and can be supported by software systems
agile-crm For questions about Agile CRM.
ajax-on-rails functionality built into the Rails framework for simplifying the process of using AJAX requests.
custom-panel null
custom-scheme-url null
p7b null
quickinfo null
qweb-report null
apache-atlas a data governance and metadata framework for Hadoop
apache-camel-aws null
aquaticprime an open source library for OS X to manage application licenses and their verification
appengine-magic a library written by Constantine Vetoshev to allow easy development in clojure on the Google App Engine
android-n-preview the developer preview of Android Nougat.
android-mnc the developer preview of Android Marshmallow.
android-mockup null
angularjs-sce null
android-userdictionary User defined words for input methods to use for predictive text input
android-update-sdk null
atg-dust a framework for building JUnit tests for applications built on the ATG Dynamo platform.
async-safe null
avprobe avprobe gathers information from multimedia streams and prints it in human- and machine-readable fashion.
avr32 AVR32 family of proprietary microcontrollers
azure-hybrid-connections null
asp.net-mvc-custom-filter null
asp.net-core-cli Cross-platform .NET Core command line toolchain.
asyncappender null
astroquery a python package containing utilities to access online astronomical data
assertthat null
ascmd The ascmd command-line utility enables a database administrator to execute an XMLA script, MDX query, or DMX statement against an instance of Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Analysis Services .
amos structural equation modelling software owned by and linked to IBM SPSS
alien a non-native package, e.g
amsmath Anything related to the `amsmath` LaTeX package
amzi-prolog an embeddable/extendable implementation of ISO standard Prolog
anchor-modeling an agile database modeling technique suited for information that changes over time both in structure and content.
android-downloadable-fonts null
android-contact-mimetype intended to be used for queried related to Android's Contact which involves generic table that can hold any kind of contact data, as MIMETYPE helps to fetch to fetch normal…
android-3.2 an incremental version of popular Android OS 3.0, meant for Tablet PCs
adx the name of Intel's arbitrary-precision arithmetic instruction set for the x86 architecture.
aeroolib a report creation library for Python programming language.
active-rest-client gem for accessing REST services in an Active Record style
adapt Adapt Framework Adapt is a free and easy to use framework and authoring tool that creates fully responsive, multi-device, HTML5 e-learning content.
shared-nothing null
sharelatex an online LaTeX editor with an open-source backend
post-format null
postgres-ext a gem for Rails 3.2 which provides support for PostgreSQL datatypes in ActiveRecord
e-ink null
elastic-grid a responsive, interactive, filterable jQuery & CSS3 image gallery plugin designed for portfolio websites.
elasticsearch-2.4 null
shapeshift a plugin which will dynamically arrange a collection of elements into a column grid system similar to Pinterest.
access-data-project a data file format created by Microsoft Access
accept.js A module of the Authorize.Net Accept suite of tools.
.net-internals accessible only within files in the same assembly.
0xdbe an IDE from JetBrains tailored to suit the specific needs of professional DBAs and developers.
.hgtags Mercurial metadata file that stores hashes of tagged commits in a Mercurial repository.
concurrent-vector a random-access sequence container which supports thread-safe dynamic growth without invalidating existing iterators and references to its elements
contactitem null
configureawait null
container-image packages used to create Docker containers.
compiler-constants null
compilationmode null
complete.ly a tiny javascript library to add autocompletion to any HTML input text.
compliant null
codevisionavr for questions related to CodeVisionAVR : a commercial C Compiler for Atmel AVR® microcontrollers
color-conversion null
codesite null
columndefinition Defines column-specific properties that apply to Grid elements.
codeigniter-classloader null
codeigniter-hooks CodeIgniter's Hooks feature provides a means to tap into and modify the inner workings of the framework without hacking the core files.
ember-local-storage null
exclusionpath null
exception-notifier null
coypu An intuitive, robust browser automation for .Net.
cpm CP/M, which stood for Control Program for Microcomputers, is an operating system originally for the 8-bit Intel 8080 and Zilog Z80 CPUs from Digital Research Inc
cordova-plugin-camera null
core.match null
crash-recovery null
crashrpt an open-source library designed for intercepting exceptions from a C++ program, collecting technical information about the crash and reporting the error reports over the Internet.
crash-shell a shell for the Java platform
copycopter Rails on Rails gem for user supplied and maintained text
cookie-path null
cordova-3.5 a platform for building native mobile applications using HTML, CSS and JavaScript
createitem null
crystal-reports-9 null
csi The Microsoft Visual C# Interactive Compiler allows to execute C# Script files from the commandline or to enter C# Scripts interactively.
css-editor edit CSS.
curljs Small, fast javascript module loader supporting AMD, CommonJS/node modules, and other resources, such as HTML templates, JSON documents, and CSS stylesheets, in IE6+.
cups4j a java library that provides an interface to the CUPS, the open-source printing protocol.
django-adaptors a tool which allow you to transform easily a CSV/XML file into a python object or a django model instance.
diode scala and scalajs library similar to Redux/Flux for managing immutable application state on both server and client, including a connector for ReactJS in ScalaJS
domain-service-class null
downsize null
dokku-alt docker powered mini-Heroku
dojox.app null
dom3 dom3 , a platform- and language-neutral interface that allows programs and scripts to dynamically access and update the content, structure and style of documents.
domain-calculus Tag for Domain Relational Calculus since is too long for a tag.
document-repository null
dlltool a GNU binary utility that create the files needed to create dynamic link libraries on systems which understand PE format image files such as Windows.
dlm A distributed lock manager provides distributed software applications with a means to synchronize their accesses to shared resources
django-scheduler A calendar app for Django 1.7
declaration-files null
ddex http://ddex.net
ddt Eclipse-based IDE for the D programming language
data-science-studio an “Integrated development platform for data professionals to turn raw data into predictions”.
datadesign null
dapper-simplecrud SimpleCRUD provides simple CRUD helpers for Dapper.
dart-eclipse-plugin null
browser-console null
c#-scripting-api null
ca-lisa null
cakephp-search-plugin an easy way to include search into CakePHP application.
cakephp-acl A CakePHP component for Access Control Lists.
camel-jms null
camel-blueprint null
call-user-func-array null
cascade-framework Questions about Cascade Framework, a CSS framework design for websites and web applications.
carrierwave-direct null
bootp a network protocol used by a network client to obtain an IP address from a configuration server.
blu-ray Anything related to the blu-ray optical disc technology.
boa an open-source and small footprint webserver
bitrock null
bitmapregiondecoder null
bettercms An open source .net content management system
bash-it a collection of community bash commands and scripts.
bankid the Swedish SSO system.
badgerfish a convention for translating an XML document into a JSON object.
balanced-groups null
wiiuse A library written in C that connects with several Nintendo Wii remotes.
whack null
c++builder-2006 null
clx The Component Library for Cross Platform , is a cross-platform visual component-based framework for developing on applications
clutter-gui null
cmockery a testing and mocking library for C.
cfcache used to improve page rendering performance by storing a copy of a page on the server and/or client computer.
cextension null
celleditorlistener null
charm++ a machine independent parallel object oriented programming language based on C++
char-traits Character traits classes specify character properties and provide specific semantics for certain operations on characters and sequences of characters.
char32-t The C++11 `char32_t` standard type represents a character in UTF-32 encoding.
client-dataset null
clientside-caching null
cloudscribe null
clpr CLP is a constraint solver over the reals
clpplus a reporting tool in DB2 LUW
clustal a set of tools for multiple alignment of nucleic acid and protein sequences.
civicrm-extension null
ciscoconfparse an application that parse, audit, query, build, and modify Cisco IOS configurations.
circuits-framework Python circuits Application Framework with an Event-driven and Component Architecture.
chronograf null
libspatialindex Questions pertaining to the C/C++ libspatialindex library
letteringjs a jQuery plugin for radical web typography.
learning-locker an open source Learning Record Store developed by HT2 Labs
knockout-subscribe null
konakart for questions about KonaKart, a java based shopping cart software solution for online retailers.
kotlinc Kotlin Compiler - Comes bundled with standard Kotlin package
kolab a secure, scalable and reliable groupware server.
kodo Kodo was a JDO implementation, implementing JDO 1.0
keyboard-wedge for questions related to hardware device or software program that interfaces with a computer to translate data read by a device other than a keyboard into keyboard data.
jvlc a project creating Java bindings for libvlc and the popular VLC media player
jwizard jQuery Plugin for generating a Windows Wizard-like interface for your Web Applications
lidar-data null
locf Last observation carried forward , This method is specific to longitudinal data problems.
lisp-macros null
makecab the default compression utility provided by Microsoft for .CAB files creation.
lzf A compression algorithm from the Lempel-Ziv family, as LZO or Google's snappy.
lytebox null
lpbyte null
lookup-field null
jaxb-episode Episodes allow the JAXB-processor detect already generated models, and therefore prevent duplicate generation of classes
java-war null
jansi a small java library that allows you to use ANSI escape codes to format your console output which works even on windows.
jadclipse null
issharedsizescope null
ios9.2.1 iOS 9.2.1 was an update to iOS 9.2, the most recent version of iOS; the operating system for apple mobile devices
irule null
isearch called isearch
isapi-wsgi WSGI adapter for IIS
joptimizer a pure Java library for solving mathematical optimization problems.
jpamodelgen null
jepp safe to use in a heavily threaded environment, it is quite fast and its stability is a main feature and goal.
jest-fetch-mock null
jsgauge a pure JavaScript gauge visualization component
jsog A convention which allows arbitrary object graphs to be represented in JSON
jsawk like awk, but for JSON
jscep Java implementation of the Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol .
jvi null
junit-jupiter null
mendix a app platform-as-a-service for Rapid Application Development
menpo a statistical modelling toolkit, providing all the tools required to build, fit, visualize, and test deformable models like Active Appearance Models, Constrained Local Models and Supervised D…
meteor-1.4 a modular platform for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript based on the NodeJS platform
midi.js a library for MIDI sequencing and playback in Javascript.
marten Polyglot Persistence for .Net Systems using the Rock Solid Postgresql Database http://jasperfx.github.io/marten/
marmalade-quick a cross-platform 2D game development platform using Lua and built on Marmalade and Cocos2D-X.
managed-ews The EWS Managed .Net API provides a simple and full-featured interface for developing and extending client applications that use Exchange Web Services.
manual-retain-release Manual Retain Release is the classic way to manage object lifetime in Objective-C.
maximum-profit-problem null
maxifs The MAXIFS function was introduced with Excel 2016
mod-ldap null
mod-include null
module-path used by JVM to look up modules during different phases by specifying `--module-path` or `-p` options
mmwormhole null
modelstatedictionary null
ml-gradle Gradle plugin for automating anything you can imagine with MarkLogic
mindwave null
mono.addins This new framework intends to set an standard for building extensible applications and add-ins in Mono.
moosex-types null
mptcp null
mr.gestures MR.Gestures handles all the touch gestures in your Xamarin.Forms mobile apps
mrpt null
node-config null
node-deasync Use it for any question related to `deasync` module for NodeJS
node-dev a development tool for Node.js that automatically restarts the node process when a script is modified.
node-gm ImageMagick or GraphicsMagick for nodeJS
non-maximum-suppression null
nmath CenterSpace's NMath library for mathematical calculations on the .Net framework.
nopcommerce-themes null
nools a Rete based rules engine written in javascript.
nose-gae a nose plugin for Google App Engine testing which makes it easier to write functional and unit tests.
nose-parameterized Nose decorator for parameterized testing
nxt-python a python driver/interface for the Lego Mindstorms NXT robot.
objc-message-send null
oaf null
ntfs-3g Open source implementation of the NTFS file system with read-write support
nsurlcomponents null
nestedlayout null
networkinfo null
neutrino a companion tool which lets you build web and Node.js applications with shared presets or configurations
neoism null
neomad NeoMAD provides a set of tools to deploy a very complete integrated development environment for mobile applications.
neo4j-mazerunner a set of Docker images which allows for high-performance graph analytics for Neo4j databases.
multiple-join-rows null
multiple-inclusions null
multiparty a node module that parses multipart/form-data HTTP requests .
n2o null
named-constructor null
naked-objects An architectural pattern whereby an object-oriented user interface is created directly from the underlying domain object model using reflection.
nam null
mysql-gui-tools null
mvxlistview null
http-status-code-409 one of the status codes a http server can return to a client when processing a request
html-reports-jenkins null
hobbitmon null
hive-hplsql null
hgeclipse null
hex-pm a package manager for the Erlang ecosystem.
hermit a conformant OWL 2 DL reasoner that uses the direct semantics
heroku-san Add heroku tasks to rake, for Rails and Sinatra applications
heterogeneous-array null
here-ios the place for information about Nokia's HERE SDK APIs for iOS, which allow you to embed HERE Maps into your iOS Devices.
haskelldb a Haskell library for expressing database queries and operations in a type safe and declarative way
ikpicturetaker null
iis-arr null
ignition an industrial software platform built for HMI, SCADA and MES applications developed by Inductive Automation
igor A data analysis, graphing, and image processing tool.
igdatachart an HTML5 charting component developed by Infragistics.
install-requires specify what dependencies a project minimally needs to run
intercom.js a client-side library that allows one window to broadcast messages to all other open windows / tabs
in-function null
infomaker a reporting tool to query databases and create custom reports of data.
implicit-style null
imports-loader null
import-hooks null
generative-programming Generative programming identifies a type of computer programming in which some mechanism generates a computer program to allow human programmers to write the code at a higher abstraction level.
generative-testing null
generated-sql null
geminabox null
geoxml null
generator-gulp-angular Yeoman generator for AngularJS with GulpJS
gitfs A git-based backend for SaltStack
git-credential-winstore null
gnokii gnokii provides tools and a user space driver for use with mobile phones under various operating systems
gnulib a central location for common GNU code, intended to be shared among GNU packages
gnu-classpath GNU Classpath - Essential Libraries for Java, is a GNU project to create free core class libraries.
gnu-sed for questions specific to the GNU version of the stream editor sed
gmgridviewcell null
gmaps4jsf GMaps4JSF aims at integrating Google maps with JSF
google-closure-stylesheet an extension to CSS that adds variables, functions, conditionals, and mixins to standard CSS
googlecl GoogleCL provides command-line access to several Google services through the gdata Python library.
hangfire-autofac null
gulp-spritesmith null
growl-for-windows a Windows-compatible version of Growl, a notification system for Mac OS X.
google-playground The Playground lets you experiment with how content is displayed on Glass
google-oauth-.net-client For questions about the use of the Google OAuth Client Library for .NET.
gradle.properties null
gradle-tomcat-plugin The Gradle Tomcat plugin supports running apps in an embedded Tomcat instance.
grails-3.2 for version 3.2 only, use grails tag for general question about grails Web application framework
graphchi a disk-based large-scale graph computation system.
grive a linux tool to sync files between local disk and Google drive.
groovysh a command-line application which allows easy access to evaluate Groovy expressions, define classes and run simple experiments.
epoch.js a real-time, high-performance charting library.
eric-ide A Python IDE written in PyQt using the QScintilla editor widget.
ergoemacs null
eris null
eme W3C standard for achieving Digital Rights Management for audio and video content in the browser through a JavaScript API and proprietary Content Decryption Modules
encodable null
extjs-form Common tag for ExtJS Form, Fields, Validations and their events related questions.
extglob a form of wildcards supported by bash
expectit Yet another Java implementation of the Unix expect utility.
evb Microsoft's eMbedded Visual Basic - an interpreted runtime and development environment that shipped as part of Microsoft's eMbedded Visual Tools
exiflib An open source .NET library for reading EXIF tags from JPEG images
dunn.test a R package implementing Dunn's test of multiple comparisons using rank sums.
dtw dtw means Dynamic Time Warping-type algorithms, which measure the similarity between time series with varying speeds.
dragenter null
ecmascript-4 ECMAScript 4 was the abandoned fourth edition of the ECMA-262 specification
edit-control null
ecmascript-2015 For JavaScript language features specific to ECMAScript 2015, formerly known as ECMAScript 6th edition
eloquera an object-oriented database management system designed for the .NET environment.
elm-list null
forgery null
form-library null
freebase-acre Acre was Google/Metaweb/freebase.com's hosted serverside-javascript application environment
floor-division null
fluent-mongo fluent-mongo aims to provide a Fluent Interface on top of the Official MongoDB C# driver from 10gen
fluenthtml null
function-try-block a particular syntax of the C++ try block that embraces a whole function
fxforms null
fancyupload a file-input replacement which features an unobtrusive, multiple-file selection menu and queued upload with an animated progress bar.
fenics null
fenv null
fetch-mock fetch-mock allows mocking HTTP requests made using fetch, or any one of the many libraries imitating its api such as isomorphic-fetch, node-fetch and fetch-ponyfill.
f#-unquote a library for writing unit test assertions as F# quoted expressions.
filestack Questions related to the usage of Filestack
financialinstrument null
file-system-storage null
flashmessenger null
flaka an extension for Ant that runs with Ant >= 1.7.x<br> A main project goal of Flaka is the simplification of writing a build script.<br> Flaka provides an expression language
finder-sql null
spec-ui a simple framework for describing user interfaces
wokkel null
spider-chart A spider chart is a graphical method of displaying multivariate data in the form of a two-dimensional chart of three or more quantitative variables represented o…
sphinx-napoleon null
specter a Clojure and ClojureScript library for data manipulation.
wirejs null
independentsoft null
imputets An R package to provide functions for time series missing value imputation.
navit a car navigation system with routing engine.
mysql-connector-c null
native-executable null
mysql-error-1293 Error 1293: There can be only one TIMESTAMP column with CURRENT_TIMESTAMP in DEFAULT or ON UPDATE clause
shorttags short tags, like in the self-closing HTML tag or XML element.
dotproject Open source, modular project management tool written to work over LAMP/WAMP.
dotq part of the kbd+ databases
sifting-appender null
dotnetnuke-imc DotNetNuke Inter-Module Communication uses VB.NET or C# to pass information between modules.
spmetal null
aws-ssm AWS Systems Manager is a unified interface that allows you to easily centralize operational data and automate tasks across your AWS resources.
aws-elb Amazon Web Services Elastic Load Balancer is a service offered by aws to automatically distribute incoming network traffic across multiple targets .
aws-direct-connect AWS Direct Connect links an internal network to an AWS Direct Connect location over a standard 1 gigabit or 10 gigabit Ethernet fiber-optic cable
awsdeploy null
6510 a microprocessor designed by MOS Technology, Inc
biom The BIOM file format is designed to be a general-use format for representing biological sample by observation contingency tables
binstar a service that allows you to create and manage public and private package repositories.
sonarcloud a software as a service instance of SonarQube provided by SonarSource.
sonarqube-plugin null
sourcegear null
sourceanalyser null
sortedcollection a common title for all collection that stores their data in the order.
control-library null
librocket the C++ user interface middleware package based on the HTML and CSS standards
mdxclient An ADO.NET data provider for MDX queries
liblacewing null
libltdl a small library that provides a portable interface to dynamically loading and accessing shared objects, with the aim of hiding the various difficulties of using `dlopen` on libraries fr…
libigl a C++11 library for geometry processing, computer graphics, linear algebra and optimization.
libnds an open-source library for Nintendo DS development
libmproxy A python library for implementing powerful interception proxies.
libmms null
librabbitmq An AMQP client library written in C
libcds a C++ template library of lock-free and fine-grained algorithms
libdrizzle null
glpointsize null
gkscore Class which holds information for a score that was earned by a player
glamorous React component styling solved with an elegant API, small footprint , and great performance
gles20 null
glassfish-esb null
glmulti null
visualj# a discontinued transitional language for programmers of Java and Visual J++ languages, so they may use their existing knowledge and applications on .NET Framework.
visual-sourcesafe-plugin null
802.11p an approved amendment to the IEEE 802.11 standard to add wireless access in vehicular environments , a vehicular communication system.
9-bit-serial Serial protocol for instruments which use a 9-bit date frame, rather than the more common 8 data bits and a parity bit.
abcl Armed Bear Common Lisp implementation of the Common Lisp language in the JVM.
compositeusertype a Java Interface provided by Hibernate that allows to define a custom type mapping.
compound-operator In C-like languages,
conceptnet a semantic network containing lots of things computers should know about the world, especially when understanding text written by people.
phpmyid a standalone, single user, OpenID Identity Provider longer being developed or maintained.
geometric-mean A mean that calculates the n-th root of the product of the numbers.
to-timestamp null
tor-browser-bundle a packaged Firefox web browser pre-configured to use the Tor network
tortoisebzr a Windows shell extension for viewing the source control status of a Bazaar tree from within Windows Explorer.
tortoisegitmerge provided by TortoiseGit and the default diff and merge tool of TortoiseGit.
genexus-gam GeneXus Access Manager - A mechanism to provide GeneXus applications a single, centralized scheme for authentication and authorization.
geocaching a GPS game with a treasure hunt component.
clang-ast-matchers null
clay a C# library that implements a dynamic typing system similar to JavaScript using C# `dynamic` types.
classtag null
toolstrippanel null
toolstripcontainer null
input-button-image null
inputconnection used in Android for an input method editor to communicate text changes to an editor .
in-memory-oltp null
inline-c a module that allows you to write Perl subroutines in C.
assembly-reference-path null
android-scrolling null
cogl an open source GPU graphics & utilities API.
extended-procedures Extended stored procedures let you create your own external routines in a programming language such as C
extension-objects null
colemak a keyboard layout designed for touch typing in English.
snapstodevicepixels null
snakebite A pure python HDFS client.
gui2exe a graphical front end to executable builders for Python.
mobile-os A mobile operating system, also called a mobile OS, is an operating system that is specifically designed to run on mobile devices such as mobile phones, smartphones, PDAs, tablet computers and other h…
mobilewebforms null
gtkscrolledwindow GtkScrolledWindow, part of the GTK+ , adds scroll bars to its child widget.
guardian null
skylink null
slather null
grunt-requirejs null
mockolate null
nodesets null
node-odbc unixODBC bindings for node
node-mysql2 null
node-uuid A node and browser compatible js library for generating RFC4122 UUIDs
nokiabrowser null
noise-words null
pkzip a file archiving computer program, notable for introducing the popular ZIP file format.
platform-server null
player-stage null
skreferencenode null
cat.net Code analysis tools for .NET
omeka a free, open source content management system for online digital collections
oink a rails plugin and log parser to help narrow down the source of increased memory usage in rails applications.
ofxkinect an Open Frameworks addon for the Xbox Kinect that runs on Linux and OS X
apiaxle a proxy that sits on your network, in front of your API and manages things that you shouldn't have to, like rate limiting, authentication and analytics
api-auth Full HMAC auth implementation for use in the gems and Rails apps.
constantfolding related compiler optimizations used by many modern compilers
consolas a monospaced typeface, commonly available in Microsoft Office packages and the Mac OS X text editor BBEdit.
connect-modrewrite null
ssas-2008-r2 part of Microsoft's SQL Server system
ssl-security Security questions related to SSL , a protocol that provides privacy and data integrity over a network connection
ssis-2017 Microsoft SQL Server Integration Services is a platform for building enterprise-level data integration and data transformations solutions
xrds null
eastl Stands for Electronic Arts Standard Template Library.
eclipse-jet part of the Eclipse Model to Text project
eclipse-jsdt The JavaScript Development Tools provide plug-ins that implement an IDE supporting the development of JavaScript applications and JavaScript within web applications.
prevayler Prevayler: an implementation of the Prevalent System design pattern
rspec-api-documentation A Ruby gem used most often with Ruby on Rails applications
ibm-blockchain null
husky null
hypercard a development environment created by Apple in 1987 for creating graphical applications focused on ease of use and flexibility
hyperfilesql HyperFileSQL operates with Windows and Linux, with Mobile devices, with networks of any size and any type, and it automatically manages concurrent accesses
sqljocky a MySQL connector for the Dart programming language.
sqlite-net-pcl null
hugsql A Clojure library for embracing SQL.
sql-search A standalone tool from Red Gate, that enables quick search for SQL across databases.
moss2007-security null
mountebank the tool https://github.com/bbyars/mountebank docs on http://www.mbtest.org/ used for cross-platform, multi-protocol test doubles over the wire
webkit-appearance null
webmethods-caf Webmethods Composite Application Framework
webpack-isomorphic-tools null
webpack.config.js null
webpack-externals null
web-services-enhancements null
web-safe-colors null
bound-variable a variable that was previously free, but has been bound to a specific value or set of values.
box2d-joints null
boxable A java library on top of Apache PDFBox to build tables in PDF documents.
boxstarter null
bridge.net an open source C# to JavaScript compiler, which includes full support for the latest C# features and powered by Microsoft® Roslyn.
searching-xml null
adjustviewbounds null
add-this-event an widget based on HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
segment-analytics Segment provides an API that collects and routes customer data to over 160 different tools and database services.
search-multiple-words null
screenshotexception null
ruby-development-kit a toolkit that makes it easy to build and use native C/C++ extensions such as RDiscount and RedCloth for Ruby on Windows.
greenscript null
gravity-forms-addon null
graphic-effects null
graphql-php a feature-complete implementation of GraphQL specification in PHP
flask-jwt-extended null
flatfilesource null
flesch-kincaid The Flesch/Flesch–Kincaid readability tests are designed to indicate comprehension difficulty when reading a passage of contemporary academic English
kint debugging helper for PHP developers
kismet a visual programming tool included with the Unreal Development Kit.
kindlegen a command-line tool used to create MOBI format books for the Amazon Kindle.
kickstrap an implementation of Twitter's Bootstrap that is "Kickstrap is a full version of Twitter's Bootstrap with themes, enhancements, and other goodies.
uialertsheet a misrepresentation of UIActionSheet, a type of modal overlay view that presents the user with a set of possible actions to take.
knitr-spin a tool for formatting specially marked R script into a beautiful document that contains comments, plots, tables and code
uic null
uicollectionviewdelegateflowlayout The UICollectionViewDelegateFlowLayout protocol defines methods that let you coordinate with a UICollectionViewFlowLayout object to implement a grid-based layout
magento-collection a Model type containing other Models, it is basically used in Magento to handle product lists , but not only.
magento-fpc the internal page cache intended for Magento.
idealforms The ultimate framework for building and validating responsive HTML5 forms.
multi-table-delete null
multi-term null
spring-rcp null
google-flexible null
google-license-manager a programming interface for the management of software licenses.
jquery-bar-rating a jQuery plugin that works by transforming a standard select box into a rating widget.
jquery-cloneya JQuery cloneya plugin useful for cloning DOM elements with their children
java-custom-serialization Customize the Default Protocol - Serialization
javaexe JavaExe wraps a Java program into a native Windows executable.
javafx-gradle-plugin Questions about the JavaFX-Gradle-Plugin that makes javafx-packager accessible from Gradle.
javacameraview null
scalar-context null
uniwebview null
unmanagedexports null
npm-private-modules null
vsip The Visual Studio Industry Partner Program allows third-party developers and software vendors to develop tools, components and languages for use in …
v-select null
automatic-generalization for the F# feature which automatically generalizes the arguments and types of functions so that they work with multiple types when this is possible.
autoit-c#-wrapper null
db2-content-manager IBM db2-content-manager
dbca DBCA is a GUI software for managing databases: create, update, delete, etc.
dblatex null
dbimport null
facebooksdk.net The Facebook SDK for .NET helps developers build web, desktop, phone and Windows Store applications that integrate with Facebook.
facebook-payment-dialog null
cuda-events null
facebook-gameroom null
css-import used to import style rules from other style sheets.
desktop-duplication null
docblox PHP 5.3 compatible API Documentation generator aimed at projects of all sizes and Continuous Integration.
docker-on-windows null
request-response null
requestify an easy to use and extendable HTTP client for nodeJS, supporting cache.
request-object null
request-pipeline ASP.NET MVC Request Handling Pipeline
gforge null
repoze.bfg null
imageedgeinsets null
ggtree For questions about ggtree, the R package for visualization and annotation of phylogenetic trees.
bda a Microsoft standard for digital video capture on Microsoft Windows operating systems
batoo an implementation of the Java Persistence API which provides Java developers with an object/relational mapping facility for managing relational data in Java applications.
imageobserver a Java interface for tracking the loading of images.
beehive a Java Application Framework designed to make the development of Java EE based applications quicker and easier.
beaker-testing a full-stack software and hardware integration testing system, with the ability to manage a globally distributed network of test labs.
beaninfo null
mirrorlink a technology to make applications useable in a vehicle while it is in motion
litmus null
list-template null
listview-selector null
listview-filter null
lli a command-line tool for executing modules.
livestamp.js A simple, unobtrusive jQuery plugin that provides auto-updating timeago text to your timestamped HTML elements using Moment.js
llrp Low Level Reader Protocol
anonymousidentification null
anti-bot to determine when another application is trying to access it as if a real user would and prevent any action that should only be allowed by humans.
gwt-elemental Elemental a GWT abstraction layer that exposes the raw browser api's defined in the browser IDLs
filenet-workplace null
filedrop.js for questions that relate to the drag-and-drop library, jQuery Filedrop.
adobe-cc Adobe Creative Cloud
turi-create null
turbolinks-ios a native adapter for any Turbolinks 5 enabled web app
turbulenz The HTML5 SDK and Game Engine for developing games.
ttx-fonttools null
thread-static not shared between threads
tvm a server-based reference application that serves temporary credentials to remote clients to sign web requests to Amazon Web Services .
weak-head-normal-form null
jboss-eap-4.3.x null
jd-eclipse a plug-in for the Eclipse platform
jdee An add-on software package that turns Emacs into a comprehensive system for creating, editing, debugging, and documenting Java applications.
jdf a technical standard in the graphics industry
hibernate-batch-updates null
umbraco-tags a way to to categorise your pages/content so you can pull through certain content based on a TAG, you can also have TAG groups so within one installation you could have the same TAG n…
ultrasphinx null
ultralite an extra lightweight edition of SAP's SQL Anywhere DBMS.
higher-order-types null
single-dispatch A language feature which allows different versions of a function to be called depending on the type of one argument
sio2 null
mojito a client+server JavaScript MVC framework for Web and mobile applications.
obscured-view null
object-sharing null
opennurbs null
eto a cross platform desktop and mobile user interface framework for .NET
responseformat null
responsecache null
symfony2-voter null
swtchart based on SWT
sybase-rs a database replication software that moves and synchronizes data across the enterprise to meet a host of competing needs, including guaranteed data delivery, real-time…
articulate null
zftool2 a utility module for maintaining modular Zend Framework 2 applications.
zts a Thread-safe PHP interpreter for use with the Apache HTTP Server.
zipf an empirical law formulated using mathematical statistics that refers to the fact that many types of data studied in the physical and social sciences can be approximated with a …
zipmap a clojure function to that returns a map with the keys mapped to the corresponding values.
zoomify Zoomify makes high-quality images zoom-and-pan for fast, interactive viewing on the web with just HTML, JPEGs, and JavaScript.
zopeskel Templates and code generator for quickstarting Python, Zope and Plone projects.
pyresttest A REST testing and API microbenchmarking tool
pytest-cov null
python-applymap null
deducer null
decrease-key null
defaulted-functions null
defold a multi-platform and light-weight game engine created by King
drupal-behaviors refers to the Drupal JavaScript system used for managing events on content.
dropshadoweffect A bitmap effect that paints a drop shadow around the target texture.
xfdl Extensible Forms Description Language describes a class of XML documents proposed to the World Wide Web Consortium
xmlanyelement null
strava null
string-constant null
open-array-parameters null
opaleye Haskell library that provides an SQL-generating embedded domain specific language for targeting Postgres
tabmenu null
tactionlist a VCL component maintaining a list of actions that can be used by other components and controls
stringdictionary a hash table where both the key and value strongly typed to be strings rather than objects.
checkvalidity Part of the HTML constraint validation API.
checker-board null
pypeg null
pyper a Python library that can be used to call R functions via PIPE
pynacl null
wp-nav-menu-item null
wreq null
rcf a portable IPC/RPC middleware framework for C++ applications.
rcppparallel null
s#arp null
jquery-tocify-js A jQuery Table of Contents plugin that can be themed with Twitter Bootstrap or jQueryUI
jquery-ui-css-framework class naming methodology for HTML elements to work with jquery-ui
tal Tandem Application Language is procedural language used originally in Tandem Computers
tailwind-css a Utility-First CSS Framework for Rapid UI Development
rvmsudo part of the Ruby Version Manager
or-designer null
pg-stat-statements The pg_stat_statements PostgreSQL module provides a means for tracking execution statistics of all SQL statements executed by a server.
applicationcraft null
applicationmanager null
action-hook an entry point into application and platform lifecycle operations on OpenShift by Red Hat.
actionlist null
app-manager null
go-swagger null
got null
maven-exec-plugin null
angularjs-apply null
fmodf null
fnfilter refers explicitly to the jQuery DataTables fnFilter method
jjs A command-line tool that accepts a list of JavaScript source code files as arguments for working with Oracle Nashorn
goinstall null
golfscript a stack oriented esoteric programming language aimed at solving problems in as few keystrokes as possible.
golint a linter for Go source code.
google.load Calls/Loads/Imports APIs into a webpage.
google-app-engine-patch null
google-apps-script-addon null
upnpx an open-source UPnP library for OS X / iOS
gpu-overdraw null
urlbinding null
urlaccess null
urxvt null
sencha-test Use for associating your question broadly with Sencha Test
semweb a Semantic Web/RDF library written in C# for Mono or Microsoft's .NET
seqan a C++ template library for the analysis of biological sequences.
semantic-merge a language-aware source code merge and diff tool.
semantic-release null
typesafe-console null
typeliteral a Google Guice class created to represents a generic type `T`
typedreference null
android-appstandby null
markov-decision-process null
redhat-openjdk For development issues encountered while using Red Hat's distribution of OpenJDK.
red-gate-sql-prompt an add-in for SQL Server Management Studio and Visual Studio intended to ease the development of T-SQL code.
red-black-tree-insertion null
pantone a corporation known for its Pantone Matching System , a proprietary color space used in a variety of places
pandas.excelwriter null
servicem8 null
servlet-dispatching A process of invoking a servlet dispatcher to handle a new URI.
servletunit null
setalarmclock null
iphone-video for video related questions about iPhones and other iOS devices.
iphone-sdk-3.1.2 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 3.1.2
iphone-sdk-2 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 2.0.
loginradius a unified API platform enabling customers to implement social login, capture social data, enable social sharing, and more
logical-reads null
loggerfactory null
hp-service-manager a suite of service management software tools developed and marketed by the HP Software Division for end-to-end monitoring of services in the data center and the under…
htf The Haskell Test Framework lets you define unit tests, QuickCheck properties, and black box tests in an easy and convenient way.
windows-pe Windows Preinstallation Environment is a lightweight version of Windows used for the deployment of PCs, workstations, and servers, or troubleshooting an operating system while it is offli…
fastlane-pilot null
atomic-design a methodology used to construct web design systems.
attrs.xml null
attribute-exchange null
atsam3x null
attach-api a Sun Microsystems extension that provides a mechanism to attach to a JavaTM virtual machine
ng-modal An AngularJS directive that provides a modal UI.
intel-inspector a memory and threading error debugger from Intel, part of the Intel Parallel Studio
intents-extension null
faunus a Hadoop-based graph analytics engine for analyzing graphs represented across a multi-machine compute cluster.
purepdf null
pushd null
pusher-js The javascript client library of Pusher
http2-lawyers legal HTTP/2
pubs null
raima a database vendor specialized on network model DBMS.
rangeseekbar null
random-testing null
random-time-generation null
random-data Generating random strings, numbers, or data structures, or dealing with random input .
text-capture null
testtrack null
test-double null
couch-cms a light-weight Content Managment System.
couchcocoa An Objective-C API To Apache CouchDB
couchdb-2.x null
couchnode null
canjs-list null
cancelanimationframe null
ironclad null
stub-data-generation null
data-race null
dataobjects.net an ORM and business logic layer development framework.
verbosegc null
veewee the tool to easily build vagrant base boxes or kvm, virtualbox and fusion images.
qt-maemo null
intersystems-cache-studio The Caché Studio lets you create and edit Caché ObjectScript routines in any namespace on your system.
intu null
vc8 null
disk-smart null
linerenderer null
proc-format null
process-exit null
communication-diagram null
azk an orchestration tool for development environments
react-image null
django-inplaceedit Django application that allows you to inline edition of some data from the database
django-mediagenerator a django application for managing assets, similar to Django's staticfiles app.
django-fluent flexible to fit your own needs.
codecompare a graphical diff and merge utility which can be used standalone or integrated into the Visual Studio IDE.
codecov null
codefixprovider null
blcr a hybrid kernel/user implementation of checkpoint/restart
blenc an extension which hooks into the Zend Engine, allowing for transparent encryption and execution of PHP scripts using the blowfish algorithm.
blackfish A SQL-92 compliant transactional database that runs on both .NET framework and the Java platform from Embarcadero
net.p2p null
netdata null
netbiscuits a mobile publishing platform
netui null
net-library null
netpbm a toolkit for manipulation of graphic images, including conversion of images between a variety of different formats
netlist null
ftpes null
fsharp.viewmodule Library providing MVVM and INotifyPropertyChanged support for F# projects.
f-script a scripting programming language for Mac OS X.
richtextctrl null
cocos2d-x-for-xna a C# Port of the Cocos2D Framework using MonoGame behind the Scenes.
ribbon-button null
rgs null
zend-queue null
zumo null
json-schema-defaults null
jsr166 JSR 166: Concurrency Utilities
jsr-275 JSR 275: Units Specification
hcluster A hierarchical clustering package for Scipy.
headereditemscontrol null
header-injection null
yoxview a free Lightbox-type media and image viewer jQuery plugin
yokozuna Tag for Riak's Search Engine based on Solr - Yokozuna
yii-cform null
yii2-api null
ws-eventing null
xcode5.1.1 a tool to develop iOS applications
yaml-css a modular CSS framework.
xodus a transactional schema-less embedded database written in pure Java and Kotlin.
xvim an open-source Xcode Plug-in that adds Vim keybindings to Xcode.
yacas Acronym for Yet Another Computer Algebra System
yagmail yagmail - Yet Another GMAIL client for Python
xmlmassupdate null
kumulos The Kumulos cloud platform enables app developers to easily integrate features into iOS & Google Android apps
kvocontroller Simple, modern, thread-safe key-value observing for iOS and OS X.
labeled-statements names bound to blocks of code such as loops and conditional logic which can be referenced to allow flow control which is independent of source order
language-details null
kstat null
ktpass For questions involving the usage of ktpass.exe - Kerberos keytab creation in Windows Active Directory.
telerik-radinput null
enterpriseone Oracle's integrated applications suite of enterprise resource planning software.
cloudera-director null
cloud-integration null
enscript a program that can convert source code files into PostScript files.
entityframeworkcore2.0 null
teamcity-rest-api null
background-substraction null
backup-sqldatabase A SQLPS module commandlet added for Microsoft's SQL Server 2012 that allows for scripting a SQL database backup.
clojure-testing null
relaxed-atomics null
related-posts a WordPress plugin that presents links to related content of a post or article.
regionadapter null
database-reconciliation null
lazy-c++ null
backbonefire a set of Backbone bindings for Firebase
status-register null
staxmate null
static-language null
static-text null
crocodoc Crocodoc converts Microsoft Office and PDF documents to HTML5 so your users can view and collaborate right in your web app.
relstorage a storage implementation for ZODB that stores pickles in a relational database
reloadable null
vvvv a general purpose toolkit with a special focus on real-time video synthesis and programming large media environments with physical interfaces, real-time motion graphics, audio and video.
vuelidate null
angular-bootstrap-calendar null
backbase-portal the flagship product of Backbase
react-templates Refers to the react-templates library/syntax
readblock null
react-router-native null
fedora10 Version 10 of Fedora, a Linux-based operating system
fdr a tool for analyzing programs written in Hoare’s CSP notation.
fbsdkmessengersharekit null
angular-transitions about the CSS templates related to ngAnimate.
angulartics2 null
autobench null
animatedvectordrawable null
authorizationmanager null
s7graphview null
safari9 Safari version 9.0 released at 30 September 2015, use this tag in addition of safari tag when you want to ask specific question related with this version.
ofed null
python-performance Performance of Python programs and special Python constructs.
python-nvd3 a pythonic wrapper around the JS library nvd3
python-openid OpenID framework for Python
pythonnet null
python-nose an alternate Python unittest collecting and running tool.
pykka a set of easy to use concurrency abstractions for Python using the actor model.
document-imaging null
pmta null
porttype null
perl-package null
photoshop-cs3 null
pibase piBase stands for PlugIn Base: A php library to develop extensions in TYPO3, merely a collection of often-used functions and wrapper classes
php-beautifier PHP Beautifier parses your source code and formats it in the style of your choice.
pion-net C++ framework for building lightweight HTTP interfaces
picture-element The picture element refers to the HTML5 picture element.
proxygen A collection of C++ HTTP libraries including an easy to use HTTP server.
pt-query-digest null
ptrdiff-t the signed integer type of the result of subtracting two pointers.
pstats a profiling tool for Python.
psr-3 a common logging interface proposed by the PHP Framework Interop Group
pybugz a python and command line interface to Bugzilla.
pxsourcelist An open source Source List control meant for use with MacOS 10.5 & newer
problem-steps-recorder a feature introduced by Windows 7 that allows the user to record keystrokes and windows to allow for easy description for Troubleshooting errors and problems on their compute…
priority-inversion a problem that occurs in some systems when a high-priority task is blocked by a low-priority task
predef null
ora-hash A simple Oracle hashing function.
opentip an open source Javascript tooltip framework
observium a PHP/MySQL-based Network Observation and Monitoring System which collects data from devices using SNMP and presents it via a web interface
pcap4j null
pdepend a static code analyzer for PHP
pcmanfm a file manager application which is meant to be a replacement for Nautilus, Konqueror and Thunar in the Lightweight X Desktop Environment .
particle-engine null
parsepy a Python client for the Parse REST API
parse-react an interface layer on top of the Parse JS SDK.
payone null
pattern-mining null
parsecontrol an ASP.NET function that parses an input string to create an ASP.NET server control object.
pako a high speed zlib port to JavaScript
paravirtualization a virtualization technique that presents a software interface to virtual machines that is similar but not identical to that of the underlying hardware.
padarn a small-footprint ASP.NET web server designed for embedded applications.
sap-bw SAP’s Enterprise Data Warehouse product
rusage null
saleor A highly-customizable e-commerce storefront for Python and Django.
sajax an open source tool to make programming websites using the Ajax framework — also known as XMLHTTPRequest or remote scripting — as easy as possible.
ruby-watir null
ruby-roo a Ruby gem for reading spreadsheet files of Excel, OpenOffice and Google Docs.
rivescript a simple scripting language for chatbots with a friendly, easy to learn syntax
robot-legs-problem about injecting custom configurations of reusable components
rpscreenrecorder null
r-server null
rsaprotectedconfiguration null
selenoid Selenium Hub successor running browsers in Docker containers http://aerokube.com/selenoid/latest/
shadermaterial null
seamonkey an all-in-one internet application suite, formerly known as Mozilla Application Suite.
sdl-opengl For questions about using OpenGL graphics with the SDL multimedia library via the various `SDL_GL*` functions.
sdk3.0 null
scene-manager class in UnityEngine.SceneManagement for managing scenes in unity
schemabinding null
rexec rexec runs commands on a remote host
retransmit-timeout Retransmission, essentially identical with Automatic repeat request , is the resending of packets which have been either damaged or lost.
resharper-8.2 a new version refactoring and productivity extension by JetBrains that extends native functionality of Microsoft Visual Studio
receive-location null
reference-implementation null
reference-binding null
quality-gate null
raspistill null
rapidfire-gem A survey gem created to easily integrate rapidfire surveys on Ruby On Rails applications
ragdoll Rag-doll physics refers to the use of skeletal mesh structures in the context of realistic physics engines, allowing things like human bodies to be modelled fairly accurately.
rabin null
raddatapager null
razor-grid null
raw-disk used to refer to hard disk access at a raw, binary level, beneath the file system level.
twitter-share null
trouble-tickets a mechanism used in an organization to track the detection, reporting, and resolution of some type of problem.
trusted-application null
twiddle a simple command line tool that allows for interaction with a remote JMX server instance
twentytwenty a jQuery Plugin to make it easy to spot/highlight the differences between two images.
tweetr null
trackpy Tag for questions related to the `trackpy` software package
trello-powerup powerful independent modules that allow developers to modify the Trello experience while still maintaining member control
tripleplay a collection of game-related utility classes that can be used with the PlayN library on all of its myriad platform targets.
tritonus an implementation of the Java Sound API
togglebuttonbar null
tidygraph null
tidyquant The R tidyquant package makes it easy to use common financial data analysis packages such as xts, zoo, and quantmod along with tidyverse data manipulation packages such as dplyr, tidyr, and purrr.
timelinemarkers null
tjws Tiny Java Web Server and Servlet Container
tls-psk Transport Layer Security pre-shared key ciphersuites is a set of cryptographic protocols that provide secure communication based on pre-shared keys
user-forums an online discussion site where people can hold conversations in the form of posted messages.
user-environment null
unstage Removing file changes that have been staged for a commit in Git
unbounce Unbounce lets marketers build, publish and test landing pages without IT or software
underscore.string.js a string manipulation extension for JavaScript
undefined-variable null
vpi Verilog Programming Interface, an API that allows a user to query and manipulate the simulator database.
vmt null
vjet EBay's Eclipse plugin for working with Javascript
visual-age an IBM IDE originally for Smalltalk then later Java which was replaced by Eclipse
vivaldi Use vivaldi for questions related to the Vivaldi web browser
vertical-sync null
vanilla-typescript null
webgrind a Xdebug profiling web frontend in PHP5
websitespark null
word-completion null
winfax null
weixinjsbridge null
window.crypto JavaScript API for performing basic cryptographic operations in web applications, such as hashing, signature generation and verification, and encryption and decryption
targetprocess Visual Project Management Software
tablehtml an R package that helps you create HTML tables.
syslinux a boot loader for the Linux operating system which runs on an MS-DOS/Windows FAT file system
tabbed-document-interface null
systimestamp an Oracle built-in function that returns the system date, including fractional seconds and time zone, of the system on which the database resides
termcolor For questions related to python library that provides ANSII Color formatting for output in terminal.
tcptrace a tool written by Shawn Ostermann at Ohio University, for analysis of TCP dump files
subject-alternative-name null
svk a decentralized version control system which makes use of the two underlying layers of Subversion.
swallowed-exceptions A swallowed exception refers to an anti-pattern in which an exception is thrown but never gets handled
struct-member-alignment null
std-future null
sticky-broadcast null
stellaris null
spark-2014 a programming language derived from Ada
spring-data-document null
spotify-queue null
spotbugs a program which uses static analysis to look for bugs in Java code
sql-server-authentication Tag to be used for all authentication questions regarding Microsoft's SQL Server product.
sql-cte In Microsoft SQL Server 2005 the common table expression is a temporary named result set that can be referenced within a SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statement.
sqldatadapter null
stanza.io a react library for xmpp connection
srcsrv null
sitecore-instance-manager An open source tool for managing the park of Sitecore instances.
simplejdbcinsert a Spring component
simplegeo A geolocation infrastructure that provides push notifications.
sitecore-ucommerce a leading customer experience management platform
shopizer a free open source Java e-commerce software that is ideal for every online shop or business.
signature-files A signature file contains information about the public signatures of a set of F# program elements, such as types, namespaces, and modules
smartsheet-c#-sdk-v1 null
smd null
softbody The most advanced type of object in the Game Engine,Soft body is an object in computer graphics which is deformable
size-reduction null
sjs MarkLogic integrates JavaScript as a first-class server-side programming language
skdownload null
sll sll stands for , an operation on a bit vector in VHDL
smartcardio for questions related to Java Smart Card I/O API
sodium a Functional Reactive Programming Library for Java, Haskell, C++, C# and Scala.
sockjs-tornado null
software-lifecycle null
soft-real-time A classification of real-time where deadline misses are tolerable, but degrades the system's quality of service.
solarwindslem SolarWinds Log & Event Manager - SIEM made Simple & Affordable Automated Log Collection, Analysis, & Real-Time Event Correlation.
smarty-plugins making plug-ins for the Smarty PHP template system
smarttarget null
smartmeter a powerful java desktop application and peformance testing tool with JMeter compliant interface.
shoes-4 A tiny graphical app kit for ruby.
shell-verbs null
shinken null
silvershop an e-commerce shopping cart module for the SilverStripe CMS
silk-central Open software test management for agile and traditional development projects by Borland.
square-tape a collection of queue-related classes for Android and Java.
staleobjectstateexception null
stalestateexception null
stampit.js A prototype-based JavaScript object composition library
stagemonitor null
sql-server-data-project null
sql-server-mobile null
sqlconnection.close null
spotify-docker-client null
spoon-gradle-plugin Gradle plugin for Spoon
spark-cloudant Cloudant integration with Spark as Spark SQL external datasource, and Spark Streaming as a custom receiver
sparsehash An extremely memory-efficient hash_map implementation from google
steelseries an open source Java Swing library for linear and radial analog gauges.
stdmutex null
stdole null
stipple null
stasm a C++ software library for finding features in faces
strsafe null
string-to-symbol null
string-evaluation null
svn-lock already locked by another user, print a warning and continue locking the rest of the TARGETs
svn-ssh access svn over ssh
synced-folder null
swift-keyboard null
swiften a C++ library for implementing XMPP applications
svctraceviewer null
subroutine-prototypes null
tdatasetprovider TDataSetProvider provides data from a dataset and resolves updates to that dataset or its database server
terasort null
terminate-handler null
textexpander a text expansion utility for Mac OS X and iOS made by Smile
tfs-aggregator a Server side plugin to automatically calculate or update work item fields based on rules
sysenter a companion instruction to SYSEXIT.
sysbench a modular, cross-platform and multi-threaded benchmark tool for evaluating OS parameters that are important for a system running a database under intensive load.
tarantula for questions related to Tarantula Test Management from Testia .
tcldevkit null
wimpy Wimpy Player - A skinnable, mobile-ready HTML-5 audio player & video player
wingrid null
winhttpcertcfg A utility for installing, listing and granting permissions for certificates on Windows.
wolkenkit an open-source CQRS and event-sourcing framework for JavaScript and Node.js that perfectly matches DDD.
websharper.ui.next null
webi null
websphere-extreme-scale null
webcl WebCL defines a JavaScript binding to the Khronos OpenCL standard for heterogeneous parallel computing
wcf-http null
waveoutwrite null
value-analysis null
vapix Axis’ own open API .
vexcl a C++ vector expression template library for OpenCL/CUDA
video-camera For questions regarding programmatic operation of video cameras.
vorlon a remote inspector and testing/debugging tool for use on any device with a web browser
wamp3 null
watchmaker null
unescapestring null
unordered-multimap An associative container that contains pairs of key-value elements in which multiple values can be mapped to the same key
unordered-multiset for questions related to the unordered multiset, either it has to do with std::unordered_multiset of C++11, or with a custom implementation.
unified-memory null
tx null
txf an abbreviation for “transactional NTFS”.
typo3-4.7 null
uc4 null
uilexicon Lexicon makes it fun to quickly and easily practice and quiz yourself on a foreign language wherever you are.
ufront a powerful MVC web framework for Haxe.
uisnapbehavior an Objective-C class introduced in iOS 7, to define an animation of an item that moves towards a specific point
uiprintinfo A UIPrintInfo object encapsulates information about a print job, including printer identifier, job name, output type , orientation , and any selected d…
timeout-dialog.js a JQuery plugin that displays a timeout popover after a certain period of time
tiger-lines Topologically Integrated Geographic Encoding and Referencing, or TIGER, or TIGER/Line is a format used by the United States Census Bureau to describe land attributes such as roads, buildings, rivers, …
tokenautocomplete an Android Gmail style token auto-complete text field and filter
toad-data-point null
trickle a portable lightweight userspace bandwidth shaper
trustpilot an online review community.
twitter-timeline null
twisted.application null
twist a product from ThoughtWorks studios that helps in creating and maintaining automated regression suites.
twincat-ads The Automation Device Specification describes a device-independent and fieldbus-independent interface governing the type of access to ADS devices.
rawcontactid null
rateyo For questions related to jQuery star rating plugin.
radmaskedtextbox null
qscript the language for Google's QC Playground quantum computer simulator
query-engine an open-source javascript library for performing advanced queries, filters, searching and paging for javascript arrays and objects as well as Backbone.js Collections.
qgroundcontrol null
qif an open specification for reading and writing financial data to media .
qqmllistproperty a class from the Qt Toolkit which allows applications to expose list-like properties to QML.
re-encoding null
record-rules null
remote-input null
resizegrip null
resource-utilization null
resourcereference null
requirejs-rails null
r-environment null
renewcommand null
revision-graph null
revokeobjecturl Static method to release an existing object URL which was previously created by calling window.URL.
rim-5.0 null
scintillanet null
s-combinator Use s-combinator for questions related to creating a function which does generic partial function application
sda parts in the RAM.
sharepoint-wiki null
sgvizler a JavaScript library which renders the result of SPARQL SELECT queries into charts or html elements
sevntu-checkstyle a Checkstyle extension created by students from Sevastopol National Technical University , Ukraine
service-design null
seleno an open source project from TestStack which helps you write automated UI tests with Selenium.
select-until null
selectquerybuilder null
self-intersection null
server-side-controls null
rqda An R package for Qualitative Data Analysis supporting plain text
ruby-parser null
rsls Runtime Shared Library, used in Adobe Flash Platform applications.
robomongo For questions specific to RoboMongo
rmic the Java RMI compiler, it generates stub, skeleton, and tie classes for remote objects using either the JRMP or IIOP protocols
r-mosaic null
ruby-thread null
samsung-browser null
sandy3d null
sanctuary a JavaScript functional programming library inspired by Haskell and PureScript.
scala-wartremover null
packr Packages your JAR, assets and a JVM for distribution on Windows , Linux and Mac OS X , adding a native executable file to make it appear like the app is a native app
overcoat a small but powerful library that makes creating REST clients simple and fun
outputstylesheet null
pagelines A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
paw an Open-Source filtering HTTP proxy based on the Brazil Framework provided as a Open-Source Project by SUN
paypal-digital-goods null
perl-exporter The Exporter module implements an import method which allows a module to export functions and variables to its users' namespaces
perl-core The namespace for Perl's core function and libraries.
perl2exe null
ondoubleclick null
oncopy null
openjfx null
openlink-virtuoso null
oracle-client Oracle Instant Client enables applications to connect to a local or remote Oracle Database for development and production deployment.
optionaldataexception null
prebinding null
print-module null
private-cloud null
proactive null
prolog-tabling a memoization technique for Prolog and in general Tabled Logic Programming that improves efficiency and termination.
pyad for questions about the Python Active Directory module
pth null
pikachoose a jQuery-based image gallery creation plugin.
piggybak Mountable Ruby-on-Rails E-Commerce solution.
pin-it-sdk null
pike an interpreted, object-oriented, dynamic programming language with a syntax similar to C
php-codebrowser null
photostream null
perlguts null
portalsitemapprovider null
power-series null
pmw a toolkit for building high-level compound widgets, or megawidgets, constructed using other widgets as component parts
playframework-webservice null
pircbot a Java framework for writing IRC bots quickly and easily
plpy null
plsql-package a schema object that groups logically related PL/SQL types, items, and subprograms
doctrine-collection null
doctrine-uploadable null
docset App to view Apple developer documentation on iOS.
python-mss An ultra fast cross-platform multiple screenshots module in pure Python using ctypes.
autodie Replace functions with ones that succeed or die with lexical scope
python-paste a set of utilities for web development in Python
pygi-aio PyGObject Win32
odt.net null
s3transfermanager null
odometer a Javascript and CSS library for smoothly transitioning numbers
saaskit null
sails-permissions an addon for the Sails.js Framework
sails-hook Node.js module for Sails.js framework
laravel-translatable A Laravel package for translating database contents.
animationextender part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
angular-seo null
angular-testing null
nhtmlunit null
react-native-sound null
react-os an open source attempt to clone the Windows Operating system
ng-dropdown-multiselect null
nfop a Formatting Objects Processor for XSL-FO that runs on the .NET Framework
azure-store The Windows Azure Store provides developers with third party app services and data that complement and extend core Windows Azure services.
backbase null
oculus-runtime null
babaganoush-sitefinity an SDK for Sitefinity that allows developers to rapidly build Sitefinity applications.
appcelerator-modules null
apnagent null
iozone a command-line filesystem benchmark tool for POSIX OS
ipcu null
apipie null
api-platform null
vue-reactivity null
vue-server-renderer null
reliablesession null
credentialscache null
credui null
critical-css a paid tool that optimizes page loading by making sure 'top of the fold' CSS renders before or while the HTML itself appears on the page.
state-server null
backbone-rails A gem for integrating Backbone into Rails.
lazybones A simple project creation tool that uses packaged project templates.
layoutkind.explicit null
layout-page null
dataabstract the premier framework for creating powerful and scalable database applications built on the concept of multi-tier database access.
database-cloning null
region-ranging null
registrator null
lccs a collection of services hosted by Adobe for adding collaboration features to RIA applications
regular-type null
release-notes null
relevanssi null
cloth-simulation null
clippy null
entity-group-transactions null
cloudfx null
enterprisedt null
entityframework.extended null
krumo a replacement for PHP's print_r and var_dump
kruntime null
kubernetes-dashboard a general purpose, web-based UI for Kubernetes clusters
teamforge a platform for Enterprise Cloud Development .
labelled-generic null
lamemp3 a recursive acronym for
lamina event-driven workflow library for clojure
l10n.js null
xml-visualizer null
xnat an open source imaging informatics platform.
yahoo-kafka-manager null
yeppp a high-performance SIMD-optimized mathematical library for x86, ARM, and MIPS processors on Windows, Android, Mac OS X, and GNU/Linux systems
wtforms-json wtforms-json Adds smart json support for WTForms
wsrr WebSphere Service Registry and Repository provides automated, scalable capabilities to optimize resources in an SOA environment
xchat2 an X-Chat build for Windows, compiled on Windows XP SP2 with Microsoft Visual Studio .NET 2003 Enterprise Architect C/C++ compiler.
wx.html2 null
wsdl-2.0 Web Services Description Language Version 2.0
wsad5.1 null
workfusion null
youku a Chinese video plattform
yuglify a script intended for JavaScript and CSS compression.
haxml Haskell utilities for parsing, filtering, transforming and generating XML documents.
haskell-vector null
jsr196 JSR 196: Java Authentication Service Provider Interface for Containers
jsr199 JSR 199: Java Compiler API
jsyn Java audio synthesis API based on unit generators
zurmocrm an Open Source Customer Relationship Management application that is mobile, social, and gamified
zend-server-installation process instructions describe how to obtain and install Zend Server on different os
zend-filter-strip-tags null
zend-certification awarded on PHP and Zend Frameworks by the PHP company called Zend.
zend-currency null
rhinoceros Rhinoceros is a commercial 3D computer graphics and computer-aided design application.
cod null
fscommand null
rfc4180 RFC4180 defines a common Format and MIME Type for Comma-Separated Values Files.
netsqlazman the .NET Sql Authorization Manager short form and is an applicative authorization manager, that is, given an application user, what this user is authorized to do within that application…
network-block-device null
networkcomms.net a high performance cross-platform network library written in C#, with the purpose of being used in all .NET Framework compatible languages, C#, VB.Net, F#, J#, C++/CLI etc
prototype-scope define a Bean that will get newly created on each request.
protothread null
codeguard A back-up system or a code instrumentation tool.
blend-mode null
blinker Fast, simple object-to-object and broadcast signaling in python
bleve null
django-project-architect null
react-masonry null
react-native-component null
angular2-docheck null
angular2-md-tabs null
react-native-native-ui-component null
azure-affinity-group Affinity groups allow you to group your Windows Azure services to optimize performance.
angular2-resolve null
azure-debugger null
ios-icons null
community-translations null
common-library null
process-accounting null
process-pool null
linkedin-ios-sdk null
wxglcanvas null
disque a distributed message queue with built in fault tolerance and at least once delivery guarantees
disconnected-environment null
xbox-music a digital music service developed by Microsoft that offers music through ad-supported streaming, subscription streaming, and purchase through the Xbox Music Store
xbim null
x509securitytokenmanager null
xamarin.insights an analytics tool that answers vital questions about the health of your apps and provides comprehensive details on what kind of users you have and how they interact with your appli…
xamarin.social Multi-platform library to share statuses, links, and images on Facebook, Flickr, Twitter and more
vector-processing null
vecmath null
vdm-sl A language for the design and specification of systems, supporting the Vienna Development Method
introsort null
interval-intersection null
qtquickextras The Qt Quick Extras module provides specialized controls for creating user interfaces
qt5.10 Tag this only for the issues specific for Qt 5.10 and not for other versions.
vendor-neutrality null
verp a technique to enable automatic detection of undeliverable e-mail addresses when sending email to multiple recipients
msgsend null
ms-tracing-eventsource Used in reference to the Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource nuget library, which is the 'out-of-band' version of System.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource
iqueryprovider null
ipropertystorage an extensible read/write system of data definitions that provides a uniform way of expressing metadata about Shell items
iron-node a powerful open source cross platform JavaScript debugger running on Linux, OS X and Windows for Node.js to fix issues efficiently and debug code less painful
subcut SubCut, or Scala Uniquely Bound Classes Under Traits, is a mix of service locator and dependency injection patterns designed to provide an idiomatic way of providing configured dependencies to scala a…
canoo-webtest Tag for questions in relation to Canoo WebTest, open source automated testing tool for web applications
coreos-ignition null
qgadget a lighter version of the Q_OBJECT macro for classes that do not inherit from QObject but still want to use some of the reflection capabilities offered by QMetaObject
qfe a Microsoft term for the delivery of individual service updates to its operating systems and application programs such as Microsoft Office.
transition-systems null
translucentdecor null
transition-coordinator null
qcommandlineparser The QCommandLineParser class provides a means for handling the command line options.
qcolordialog a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a dialog widget for specifying colors.
qbuffer a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a QIODevice interface for a QByteArray.
q# a domain-specific programming language used for expressing quantum algorithms
qaudiorecorder a class from the Qt Toolkit which is used for the recording of audio.
testrunconfig null
testing-support-library Library for automated tests in Android
queued-connection a connection type between a signal and a slot.
ranch a socket acceptor pool for TCP protocols for Erlang.
rails-3.0.10 null
http-mock null
publishsubject null
pureconfig null
treetablecelleditor null
httpapplicationstate for questions related to the state of an HTTP application.
httpcfg.exe null
purescript-pux Questions about the use of the Pux package in PureScript
push-promise http/2 header that is used to add resources that are used on the page with initial request to reduce the amount of calls between server and client.
html-xml-utils null
instaweb null
intellilock an advanced 100% managed solution for licensing controls and applications.
attr-protected null
atomic-values Anything related to atomic values, i.e
atomineer an extension for Microsoft Visual Studio that provides documentation-comment authoring facilities.
fast-vector-highlighter null
html.labelfor null
html.encode null
hp-trim Relating to the document management software formerly known as TRIM, then HP TRIM, then HP RM , then HP ECM .
hotswapagent null
hostent null
login-name null
logfactory Factory for creating Log instances, with discovery and configuration features similar to that employed by standard Java APIs such as JAXP.
finite-state-automaton design computer programs and sequential logic.
iphone-8-plus null
ipl Intermec Printer Language
iprogress an interface of .Net Framework which defines a provider for progress updates.
firefox-9 Version 9 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox-nightly null
firefox-22 For questions related to new features introduced in version 22 of the Firefox browser .
firebug1.5 null
log4c a C library for flexible logging to files, syslog and other destinations
session-affinity Use session-affinity for questions related to establishing and persisting the relationship between a client request and a specific server for the duration of a session
audio-source will use to ask about the questions related to audio source component of unity3d game engine
audio-device null
parallel.invoke null
parallella a high performance computing platform based on a dual core ARM A9 Zynq System-On-Chip and Adapteva’s Epiphany multicore coprocessor
redcar an open source text editor for programmers written in Ruby.
android-banner null
mark-of-the-web null
marklogic-dhf Use for questions about the MarkLogic Data Hub Framework
map-matching null
mapr-streams null
mapisendmail null
peaberry null
pdfpage null
sencha-2 the latest version of the market leading mobile app framework
semplot semPlot: Path Diagrams and Visual Analysis of Various SEM Packages' Output
sencha-test-2.1 null
sendgrid-ruby null
url-template null
usage-tracking null
url-interception null
google-apps-script-api Apps Script API makes it easy to create and publish add-ons for Google Sheets, Docs, Slides, and Forms.
google-api-v4 null
gomage null
jinitiator null
jira-ondemand The hosted version of Atlassian's Jira.
jintellitype a Java API for interacting with Microsoft Intellitype commands
restore-points null
resty a small, convenient library to talk to RESTful services from Java
fmtonly null
joeblogs Wordpress & MetaWeblog API for .net
angularjs-infdig Infinite $digest Loop error in AngularJS application
maven-checkstyle-plugin null
maven-nbm null
matplotlib.mlab Questions on the matplotlib mlab API: MATLAB-compatible functions
gouraud Gouraud shading, named after Henri Gouraud, is an interpolation method used in computer graphics to produce continuous shading of surfaces represented by polygon meshes.
gppg a parser generator that produces parsers written in the C# V2 or higher
google-truth Google's assertion/proposition framework for testing.
google-toolbar null
appsflyer-ios-sdk AppsFlyer's SDK provides app installation tracking and event tracking functionality for iOS devices.
application-planning null
application-scope for questions related to an application's scope, that determines which of its resources are available to other parts of the system.
osworkflow a very simple and easy to implement workflow implementation.
osx-chameleon a drop in replacement for the iOS UIKit that runs on Mac OS X.
pgtap Suite of database functions to write TAP-emitting unit tests in psql scripts or xUnit-style test functions
pgcc null
ordinal-indicator null
ordered-tree A binary search tree
personal-software-process a self-improvement process
rust-chrono Date and time handling for Rust
tailrecursion-modulo-cons similar to ordinary tail recursion, except that the tail call is wrapped in a constructor, which can be allocated and partially filled in before the recursive call which …
rclr An R package to inter-operate with arbitrary .NET code
rbtools a set of client tools to use with Review Board.
rbvmomi null
jqxcombobox null
wpr Included in the Windows Assessment and Deployment Kit or the Windows SDK, Windows Performance Recorder is a performance recording tool that is based on Event Tracing for Windows
wpl null
wpm null
pynsq the official Python client library for NSQ.
pypi-regex Regex module for Python without the limitations of re
pyportmidi a Python wrapper for PortMidi, a cross-platform C library for real-time MIDI control.
workspace-desktop-edition Used for the Genesys softphone application Workspace Desktop Edition, which is the successor of Genesys Interaction Workspace.
react-grid-layout null
react-fullstack React is an open-source JavaScript library for data rendered as HTML.
cheeseshop null
boost-coroutine2 null
boost-flyweight null
oolua intended to ease the embedding of Lua in C++ allowing easy access to tables, functions and types.
openca The is a collaborative effort to develop a robust, full-featured and Open Source out-of-the-box Certification Authority
openbox null
miva a proprietary computer scripting language mainly used for internet applications such as e-commerce, just like its competitor .
mixlib-shellout null
strictnullchecks null
stream-fusion null
stream-wrapper null
storyq a portable , embedded BDD framework for .NET 3.5
opencart-events null
xml-document-transform a namespace used to transform web.config files in .Net
xiff an Open Source Flash library for instant messaging using the protocol XMPP .
dropdownextender an ASP.NET AJAX control that can be attached most ASP.NET controls to provide a drop-down menu.
droidquery the Android port of jQuery.
droidscript a free Android app that allows us to write genuine Android apps in JavaScript.
droidgap a class in Android that represents the Phonegap application.
drupal-preprocess Setting up variables for use in a template .
deferred-result DeferredResult provides an alternative to using a Callable for asynchronous request processing
defaultproxy null
degenerate-dimension In a data warehouse a degenerate dimension is a key in a fact table that does not have any corresponding dimension table.
nspeex .NET and Silverlight library for the Speex codec.
nsrunalertpanel null
default-database null
deepfreeze an application available for the Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and SUSE Linux operating systems which allows system administrators to protect the core operating system and …
python-arrow null
pyro4 null
zohobooks null
erl-interface null
zero-width-space indicate boundaries between words
sxml null
symfony-finder Component of the Symfony2 PHP Framework
swiftystorekit Lightweight In App Purchases Swift framework for iOS 8.0+, tvOS 9.0+ and macOS 10.10+
swiftr An open-source Swift client for SignalR
swipestripe null
swingx-highlighter null
es-hyperneat an evolvable-substrate implementation of HyperNEAT.
openonload a high performance network stack from Solarflare that dramatically reduces latency and CPU utilisation, and increases throughput by using technique
openseamap a software project collecting freely usable nautical information and geospatial data to create a worldwide nautical chart
object-role-modeling a graphical language for expressing conceptual models
obliterate null
momoko null
mongomock null
sipml5 null
sirtrevor Sir Trevor provides a means to transform a text input into a rich content editor that’s been re-imagined for the web
single-source Single-Source refers to a single set of program source files that are compiled or otherwise converted to an executable form by compilers, interpreters or other similar tools on more than one operating…
high-level-architecture an architecture for distributed computer simulation systems
hidden-variables null
wcf-instancing null
web-admin null
wdproj null
webargs a Python library for parsing HTTP request arguments, with built-in support for popular web frameworks, including Flask, Django, Bottle, Tornado, and Pyramid.
webapp-runner designed to allow you to launch an exploded or compressed war that is on your filesystem into a tomcat container with a simple java -jar command
theta360 a 360 degree camera
threadscope a graphical tool for performance profiling of parallel Haskell programs using thread profile information generated by the Glasgow Haskell compiler .
jbilling The world's leading open source enterprise billing solution offers the most flexible options for subscriptions, converged billing, discounts, and bundles.
thorax.js null
tumblr-html for any question related to editing Tumblr blog theme using custom Tumblr HTML tags and variables.
adobe-contribute a web publishing and website management tool that integrates authoring, reviewing, and publishing in a WYSIWYG HTML editor.
ttimer VCL class encapsulating the Windows API timer functions.
ttcpserver null
tsung-recorder A tool that enables to record activities within a Web browser
halogy A Codeigniter CMS for Designers
filenet-panagon Image and content Services by IBM Filenet
filemap null
opensmppbox an addon to the Kannel messaging gateway to serve as an SMSC and receive incoming SMPP connections.
openssl-net null
openshift-gears a container for your code
hachoir-parser null
gwt-exporter null
ansi-nulls null
apache-1.3 for apache version 1.3.x specific question.
annotated-pojos Java Beans with Annotations generally useful for Object Relational Mapping
ansi-92 null
lmtp a derivative of ESMTP, the extension of the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol.
live-meeting null
listviewgroup null
listserv null
list-processing a concept in many data-oriented languages that involves performing an action once for each member of a list.
files-app null
miniz a lossless, high performance data compression library in a single source file that implements the zlib and Deflate compressed data format specification standards.
minitab-16 Minitab leads you through analysis and helps you interpret your results with confidence.
miniupnpc null
mini-language null
batch-fetching null
baucis Express middleware that creates configurable REST APIs using Mongoose schemata
bcc-compiler a C compiler which produces 8086 assembler, as well as having options for 80386 and 6809.
ggpmisc null
ghprb null
ima4 null
require-handlebars null
docker-multi-stage-build null
scalactic The Scalactic library provides useful type-safe extensions to Scala both for production and test code
scala-nlp a suite of machine learning and numerical computing libraries.
scala.rx an experimental change propagation library for Scala.
sbt-onejar a simple-build-tool plugin for building a single executable JAR containing all your code and dependencies as nested JARs.
sbt-proguard null
do178-b a guideline for the safety of safety-critical software
descartes a Python library for using geometric objects as matplotlib paths and patches.
cssnano null
vsts-local-build-agent null
csvjdbc A JDBC driver to access CSV files.
cucumber-cpp a Behavior Driven Development tool to support step definitions written in C++.
fact++ The new generation of FaCT OWL-DL reasoner, based on C++.
deoptimization Use deoptimization for questions related to compiler construction which involves speculatively compiling code using heurestics which make assumptions about data types and memory allocation with a fall…
dbms-xmlgen null
dbus-python null
dbtable null
dbfunctions null
vs-color-theme-editor null
npn The Next Protocol Negotiation extension is currently used to negotiate the use of SPDY as an application level protocol.
nrwl null
novell-idm null
systemd-nspawn null
systemmodeler Wolfram SystemModeler, developed by Wolfram MathCore, is a platform for engineering as well as life science modeling and simulation based on the Modelica language.
system.web.caching null
scalariform null
javafx-bindings null
java-ee-mvc )
spring-tld spring.tld tag library
multitouch-keyboard null
multistage Multi-stage programming languages internalize the notions of runtime program generation and execution.
idtabs null
mailenable null
mahara an open source e-portfolio and social-networking system allowing students at educational institutions to organise samples of their work to show to others and collaborate to form communities …
mailinator On-the-fly disposable email service
uibarmetrics the Constants to specify metrics to use for appearance of UIBArButtonItem in iOS sdk.
uibarbuttonsystemitem null
uidocumentinteractioncontroller null
uifeedbackgenerator null
knitrbootstrap null
knockd a port-knock server
uiactivityitemprovider null
keyword-substitution null
flex++ included as a part of the flex package.
fleetctl null
flex4.10 null
flatfilereader null
flatpack a Java library to help parsing files.
flexjs an experimental framework which allows ActionScript 3 and MXML source code to be compiled into HTML5 and JavaScript source code as well as Flex SWCs.
flex-pmd a tool that helps to improve code quality by auditing any AS3/Flex source directory and detecting common bad practices
flatassembler null
graphql-dotnet null
scriptcam a popular JQuery plugin to manipulate webcams.
rubycas-server null
number-with-delimiter null
nunit-addins null
numpy-stl Simple library to make working with STL files fast and easy.
search-server-2010 null
seasoned-schemer **The Seasoned Schemer**, a book on recursive programming by Daniel P
secret-manager null
securitycenter null
administrate a library created by Thoughtbot for creating flexible, powerful admin dashboards in Rails.
foundation-abide the form validation library built into Zurb Foundation
brother-bpac null
brave For questions related to the Brave web browser
brazos provide rich user experience to process based applications
breach-attack null
brain.js a Neural Networks In JavaScript.
websauna Questions regarding Websauna framework
web-platforms null
web-operating-system null
webkit-notifications null
webkit2-webextension null
motionbuilder Autodesk MotionBuilder 3D character animation software offers a nonlinear editing environment for virtual production that includes motion capture.
mp3agic Java library for reading, editing and writing MP3 tag information
moveabletype null
sql-server-2012-web a specialized edition on SQL Server targeted towards web hosting.
hyperledger-explorer null
hyperledger-sawtooth an implementation of blockchain technology with the Proof of Elapsed time algorith by default, use this tag for questions about this project
ibator null
hypriot null
prettytime an OpenSource time formatting library for Java
preg-quote null
prelude.ls a functionally oriented utility library; almost all of its functions are curried.
eclipse-mdt The Eclipse Model Development Tools framework
apache-spark-encoders null
eclipse-3.3 For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.3
ecies Elliptic Curve Integrated Encryption Scheme, or ECIES, is a hybrid encryption system proposed by Victor Shoup in 2001
easyadmin null
easerver a Java EE based web applications server
xrmtoolbox a Windows application that connects to Microsoft Dynamics CRM, providing tools to ease customization and configuration tasks.
xsdobjectgen null
xsltc short for the compiled working mode of the xalan xslt processor
xsocket an easy to use NIO-based library to build high performance, scalable network applications
xp-theme null
xonsh a Python-powered, cross-platform, Unix-gazing shell language and command prompt.
constructor-reference Beginning with Java 8, a constructor reference is a special type of method reference
apache-storm-flux an open source computation system that allows processing data streams in real time, in a reliable and distributed way.
off-the-record-messaging protocol for secure messaging that provides confidentiality, authenticity and forward secrecy
oma-dm A device management protocol specified by the open mobile alliance, OMA, and is used on various mobile platforms, such as Windows Mobile and Windows Phone 8.
olympus-air a 16-megapixel Micro Four Thirds sensor and mount
ccxml a W3C standard language to control telephony systems
ccvideoplayer CCVideoPlayer:Simple Video Player for Cocos2D apps.
cd-drive null
skrill if you have problem or question about the integration of Skrill Payment Gateway.
skpsmtpmessage null
skitter-slider Skitter allows you to implement a slideshow with a simple unordered list
node-xbee This module lets you bridge the real world to Node.js
mod-authz-host null
android-httptransport null
android-livefolders null
tiny-dnn a C++11 implementation of deep learning
titanium-proxy the native code that acts as the connection bridge between the javascript code and the native code in Titnaium mobile apps.
tivo a digital video recorder developed and marketed by TiVo, Inc
grunt-sass-lint null
grunt-html-build null
slapd for questions related to SLAPD, a Standalone LDAP Daemon, a predecessor of the modern LDAP protocol
slick-pg Slick extensions for PostgreSQL, to support a series of pg data types and related operators/functions.
gtk-rs null
gss a modernised version of CCSS for responsive design using grids
mobione a tool for creating cross-platform mobile apps
externalcontext null
exscript null
soapformatter null
colanderalchemy A tool for extracting information from SQLAlchemy objects and generating Colander schemas
android-shortcutmanager null
asp-usercontrols null
asp-literal used to display text on a page
php-webdriver null
gensym an online service for Real-Time Management of Mission Critical Systems
genero a unique rapid application development and deployment environment tailored for mission critical business applications.
concur Used for questions related to the Concur API or related SDKs
compound-file null
compose.io null
luvit an asynchronous I/O library.
abbrevia a compression toolkit for Delphi, C++Builder, Kylix, and Free Pascal.
abstract-interpretation A formal method to statically infer program properties.
visual-studio-2008-db Visual Studio 2008 Database Projects allow for version control and project management of database development
visual-diff null
dxt block compression algorithm giving a compression ratio of 4:1 used predominantly with textures and images
dxperience null
dynamic-data-site null
glium Safe OpenGL wrapper for the Rust language
global-methods null
libavg High-level development platform for interactive installations
libneo4j-client a client library for Neo4j, written in C, and intended as a foundation on which basic tools and drivers for various languages may be built
libming used to create Flash files and is available for PHP, C++, Python, Perl and Ruby.
mds-cs null
md-card null
libraw a library for reading RAW files from digital photo cameras .
source-monitor The freeware program SourceMonitor analyses software source code to find out how much code you have and to identify the relative complexity of your modules
source-separation the process of separating the source components in a polyphonic and possibly multitimbral audio signal.
songkick The Songkick API gives you easy access to the biggest live music database in the world
source-engine null
media-keys Anything related to media-keys, i.e
bing-news-search-api null
bim BIM stands for Building Information Modeling and describes a continuous process that supports planning, building, and maintenance of the built environment using informatics.
aws-lambda-edge null
sigmaplot a scientific data analysis and graphing software package.
aws-sdk-java-2.0 null
do-not-track the proposed HTTP header field DNT that requests that a web application disable either its tracking or cross-site user tracking of a…
mysql-error-1312 PROCEDURE can't return a result set in the given context
mysql-error-1264 null
native-maven-plugin null
ims-db the database-component of IBM's Information Management System .
ndebug null
inbound-security-rule Inbound Security Rules controls the inbound network traffic to the Network Security Group in Microsoft Azure Cloud Platform
indico a multi-language library of REST-accessible endpoints to machine learning algorithms for text and image processing.
wiquery a project to simplify Wicket integration with jQuery and jQuery UI.
wirebox an enterprise ColdFusion dependency injection and AOP framework
wix-iisextension null
speedglm null
wm-syscommand null
flarum null
flash-component a collection of packaged classes used to share commonly requested functionality which includes an API for customization and configuration.
fileslurp null
fido null
factor-bundle null
fancyimpute null
fare null
fyber An advertisement and monetization platform for iOS, Android, Facebook and web.
gcore The gcore utility creates a core image of the specified process, suitable for use with gdb.
gae-backends null
geben null
gdl for questions related to GDL programming
gdirections null
fusetools Cross-platform mobile development product Fuse
fluentdata a micro-ORM, similar to Dapper, which supports a fluent syntax
flowdock a team collaboration app for desktop, mobile & web.
elm-port null
eloqua-bulk-api null
elmahr ElmahR = ELMAH + SignalR
elips-studio null
editmodel null
elasticsearch-phonetic null
editfield null
ecrion null
dragonfly-bsd DragonFly BSD belongs to the same class of operating systems as other BSD-derived systems and Linux
dragdealer-js a drag-based JavaScript component that embraces endless front-end solutions
dragular null
dsx-local an out-of-the-box on premises enterprise solution for data scientists and data engineers
dynamics-crm-portals CRM Portals for Microsoft Dynamics CRM which helps to publish rich content to your portal website.
evm null
evo null
event-stream-processing null
event-b A formal method for system-level modelling and analysis
evently a jQuery plugin for writing event-based applications.
exit-handler null
extjs6.5.1 null
export-to-image null
end-tag null
enfinity null
epilogue null
groovy-2 an object-oriented programming language for the Java platform.
griffin.mvccontrib null
grails-webflow Spring Web Flow Plugin for GRails
google-protocol-buffer a language-neutral, platform-neutral extensible mechanism for serializing structured data.
gulp-eslint null
gulp-git null
gulp-glob null
hard-drive-failure null
hard-real-time A classification of real-time where missing a deadline is considered a total system failure.
gundb null
gulp-tap a gulp plugin that makes it easy to tap into a gulp stream.
godi a package management system for the OCaml programming language
gnome-builder null
gitpitch a markdown presentation service that automatically transforms the contents of any PITCHME.md markdown file found within a public Git repository into a fully responsive, online and offline …
inet-socket null
intercom-ios Intercom's iOS SDK
input-type-range null
insert-iterator null
if-case The if–then construct is common across many programming languages
ietf-restconf an HTTP based protocol for configuring data defined in YANG using the datastore concepts defined in NETCONF
ibplugin null
iccid ICCD
ignorelist null
hendrix null
heroku-ci null
hex-file Text file format to represent binary data
hgserve A Mercurial tool for running a local server that allows for pushing and pulling of changesets, and browsing of a repository's contents.
hoard a scalable memory allocator, which efficiently balance various orthogonal parameters, like Latency, scalability, false cache line sharing etc, which a memory allocator should take care of.
htmlsuite null
html-mode null
hook-theme the hook used to register the theme functions implemented by Drupal themes and modules.
hopper a tool that will assist you in your static analysis of executable files.
html2haml null
honeysql a API that makes SQL as Clojure data structures.
hook.io a versatile distributed event emitter built with node.js hooks are nodes which can seamlessly work together across any device or network to create self-healing meshes of i/o
html5-keygen The HTML keygen element exists to facilitate generation of key material, and submission of the public key as part of an HTML form.
html5-kickstart a ultra–lean set of HTML5, CSS, and jQuery files, layouts, and elements designed to give you a headstart and save you a lot of hours on your next web project
http-status-code-308 The HTTP response status code 308 Permanent Redirect is a way of performing a redirection which does not allow the HTTP method to change
http-trace null
hubnet a technology that lets you use NetLogo to run participatory simulations in the classroom
n95 null
multiple-assignment null
muzei Questions relating to the Muzei Live Wallpaper APIs
mvn-repo to describe questions related to Maven Repositories, be it local or on the server.
neo4j-desktop null
neo4j-batch-inserter Neo4j's batch insertion facility intended for initial imports, which bypasses transactions and other checks in favor of performance
negative-zero null
negative-integer null
neon-animation null
neocomplcache a Vim plug-in to perform keyword completion by making a cache of keywords in a buffer.
ndnsim NS-3 module that implements Named Data Networking communication model
near-cache null
ninject-mockingkernel Extension for Ninject aiding testability in Moq and RhinoMocks.
neupy a Python library for Artificial Neural Networks and Deep Learning that uses Theano as a backend.
neurolab For questions related to library of basic neural networks algorithms and learning algorithms for Python.
nested-reference A nested reference in regular expressions is a reference to what a group matched within the definition of that group.
nstitlebaraccessoryviewcontroller null
nslibrarydirectory null
oauth2resttemplate null
oaw a framework of model-driven technologies, such as code generation , language definition and model instance extension .
notification-action null
notify-send null
nsdocktile The NSDockTile class lets you customize the visual representation for your application’s miniaturized windows and application icon as they appear in the Dock
noborder null
node-html-pdf null
node-celery The NodeJS binding for the Celery distributed task queue
node-acl null
mqlwrite null
msan a fast memory checker for Clang and GCC
mscoco null
msdatasetgenerator null
mscorwks.dll null
msbuild-itemgroup Inside a Microsoft Build project, itemgroups contains a set of user-defined Item elements.
monte-carlo-tree-search a best-first, rollout-based tree search algorithm
minicpan null
mikmidi an Objective-C MIDI library for iOS and OS X
mleap Deploy Spark Pipelines to Production
mksh a Free command interpreter intended for both interactive and shell script use
modulefile null
mod-perl-registry null
maxwell A microarchitecture for GPUs by nVIDIA, released in 2014, following the Kepler and preceding the Pascal microarchitectures.
managedthreadfactory null
marray null
martyjs a flux.js implementation for use as part of a react.js workflow
mifos an extended platform for delivering the complete range of financial services needed for an effective financial inclusion solution.
microsoft-ocr null
metaocaml a multi-stage extension of the OCaml programming language, and provides three basic constructs called Brackets, Escape, and Run for building, combining, and executing future-stage comput…
memory-sanitizer null
memoir a LaTeX package providing a documentclass similar to book class but more flexible and customizable.
jupload null
junit-theory Using of @Theory annotation in JUnit
jsondate null
juicy-pixels a haskell library used to load and store images in PNG,Bitmap, Jpeg, Radiance, Tiff and Gif images.
json2csharp Convert the json object into C# so that json data can be use in C# code.
jsoauth JavaScript implementation of the OAuth protocol.
jslinq LINQ to Objects for JavaScript arrays, and adds power and flexibility of LINQ style queries to traditional JavaScript code
jsdoc2md jsdoc2md generates markdown documentation from jsdoc annotated source code
jespa a Java software library that provides advanced integration between Microsoft Active Directory and Java applications.
jenv a command line tool to help you forget how to set the JAVA_HOME environment variable
jingle null
joomla-jform Joomla JForm library
jpath null
jpdl one process language that is build on top of JBoss jBPM
joose null
joosy A browser application framework based on Ruby on Rails and CoffeeScript.
jquery-iframe-transport This jQuery plugin implements an <iframe> transport so that $.ajax calls support the uploading of files using standard HTML file input fields
jquery-html5uploader null
iscriptcontrol null
irvine16 A 16-bit MASM library and macros targeting the MS-DOS operating system.
isis2 a cloud computing library designed to enable reliable and secure replication of data within the cloud.
interfax Anything related to developing with the InterFAX fax API.
jabbr is a chat application built with ASP.NET using SignalR
jacket a numerical computing platform enabling GPU acceleration of MATLAB-based codes
jasmine-matchers null
jasperstarter null
java-scripting-engine null
javax.json Provides an object model API to process JSON.
jemos-podam POjo DAta Mocker
lokad-cqrs null
lwuit-container null
lwuit-vkb A Virtual Keyboard that can be bound to a text field will slide up when the user clicks or touches the text field to input characters.
lovefield a relational database for web apps from Google
mal the low-level, imperative, single-assignment language in which MonetDB expresses its query execution plans and which MonetDB executes directly.
loadviewstate null
linkparser null
lift-mapper null
linq-to-lucene null
linux-development null
kepserverex null
komodo-ide Is a cross-platform IDE for multiple languages, including Python, PHP, Ruby, Perl, Tcl, NodeJS, HTML, CSS and JavaScript
kotlin-companion null
kongregate a browser games hosting website featuring an API for high scores and achievement badges.
keyof a typing construct in Typescript which allows static typing for for dynamically named properties
keymando a key mapping and general automation tool for Mac OS X
koa.js an object containing an array of middleware generator functions which are composed and executed in a stack-like manner upon request
knowledge-capture null
leak-sanitizer a memory leak detector for GCC and Clang.
ledit a line editor, allowing to interact with a read-eval loop with control characters and history.
lesti-fpc null
lepl null
libumem a library used to detect memory management bugs in applications, based on the Slab allocator concept.
circumflex-orm an Object-Relational Mapping framework written in Scala for creating concise and efficient data-centric applications with a DSL resembling the syntax of SQL.
cirqus Free and open-source event sourcing and CQRS framework.
cirrious.fluentlayout null
clipboard-pictures null
clientform null
chamilo-lms An advanced Learning Management system focused on ease of use and speed.
chart-director A charting package from Advanced Software Engineering http://www.advsofteng.com/index.html
chatjs a JavaScript library for real time messaging.
chartbeat chartbeat shows real-time traffic to a specific website and allows users to set alerts for any downtime or spikes in traffic.
chrome-webrequest null
certreq Command line SSL certificate request tool for Windows
cmfcmenubutton null
coala a package used for linting and fixing code in all languages
pocl Portable Computing Language strives to have improved portability and performance without the need for specific target device configuration, using compiler optimisations
po-file null
point-to-point A point-to-point product or application is built on the concept of message queues, senders, and receivers
poison-queue null
westwind-globalization Database Resource Localization for .NET
cadaver a command-line WebDAV client for Unix
cake-console ideal for handling a variety of background tasks such as maintenance, and completing work outside of the request-response cycle
wickedpicker null
bakefile A cross-platform, cross-compiler native makefiles generator
ballerina-composer the visual editor for BallerinaLang
base85 null
bardjs a small library of functions to help you write Angular v.1.x application tests
bfile null
bism The Business Intelligence Semantic Model is a single unified BI platform from Microsoft
bit64 an R package for vectors of 64-bit integers
bits-per-pixel null
biztalk-wcf Relates to the BizTalk WCF adapters, and connecting with WCF services
block-storage null
bokehjs null
camel-jpa null
carmine a a Clojure Redis client & message queue.
call-flow a representation of the calling relationships between subroutines in a program.
bounded-quantification null
bwtoolkit null
buffer-objects the general term for unformatted linear memory allocated by the OpenGL context.
dangling-else null
damerau-levenshtein null
databus Open source time series project for collecting and graphing time series data located at https://github.com/deanhiller/databus
datascript Immutable database and Datalog query engine for Clojure, ClojureScript and JS
datasourceview null
datadroid an Android Library that facilitates the management of local and remote data in your Android applications
datastore-admin an experimental, innovative, and rapidly changing new feature for Google App Engine.
ddhotkey null
declarative-security a syntax that uses of the code.
decimal-precision null
deliverance null
delphi-3 a specific version of Delphi
delphi-prism-2010 null
demosaicing A demosaicing algorithm is a digital image process used to reconstruct a full color image from the incomplete color samples output from an image sensor …
developer-payload null
django-statistics null
dllreferenceplugin null
dll-dependency null
dladdr null
document-preview null
plpy null
plsql-package a schema object that groups logically related PL/SQL types, items, and subprograms
doctrine-collection null
doctrine-uploadable null
docset App to view Apple developer documentation on iOS.
python-mss An ultra fast cross-platform multiple screenshots module in pure Python using ctypes.
autodie Replace functions with ones that succeed or die with lexical scope
python-paste a set of utilities for web development in Python
pygi-aio PyGObject Win32
odt.net null
s3transfermanager null
odometer a Javascript and CSS library for smoothly transitioning numbers
saaskit null
sails-permissions an addon for the Sails.js Framework
sails-hook Node.js module for Sails.js framework
laravel-translatable A Laravel package for translating database contents.
animationextender part of the AJAX Control Toolkit for ASP.net
angular-seo null
angular-testing null
nhtmlunit null
react-native-sound null
react-os an open source attempt to clone the Windows Operating system
ng-dropdown-multiselect null
nfop a Formatting Objects Processor for XSL-FO that runs on the .NET Framework
azure-store The Windows Azure Store provides developers with third party app services and data that complement and extend core Windows Azure services.
backbase null
oculus-runtime null
babaganoush-sitefinity an SDK for Sitefinity that allows developers to rapidly build Sitefinity applications.
appcelerator-modules null
apnagent null
iozone a command-line filesystem benchmark tool for POSIX OS
ipcu null
apipie null
api-platform null
vue-reactivity null
vue-server-renderer null
reliablesession null
credentialscache null
credui null
critical-css a paid tool that optimizes page loading by making sure 'top of the fold' CSS renders before or while the HTML itself appears on the page.
state-server null
backbone-rails A gem for integrating Backbone into Rails.
lazybones A simple project creation tool that uses packaged project templates.
layoutkind.explicit null
layout-page null
dataabstract the premier framework for creating powerful and scalable database applications built on the concept of multi-tier database access.
database-cloning null
region-ranging null
registrator null
lccs a collection of services hosted by Adobe for adding collaboration features to RIA applications
regular-type null
release-notes null
relevanssi null
cloth-simulation null
clippy null
entity-group-transactions null
cloudfx null
enterprisedt null
entityframework.extended null
krumo a replacement for PHP's print_r and var_dump
kruntime null
kubernetes-dashboard a general purpose, web-based UI for Kubernetes clusters
teamforge a platform for Enterprise Cloud Development .
labelled-generic null
lamemp3 a recursive acronym for
lamina event-driven workflow library for clojure
l10n.js null
xml-visualizer null
xnat an open source imaging informatics platform.
yahoo-kafka-manager null
yeppp a high-performance SIMD-optimized mathematical library for x86, ARM, and MIPS processors on Windows, Android, Mac OS X, and GNU/Linux systems
wtforms-json wtforms-json Adds smart json support for WTForms
wsrr WebSphere Service Registry and Repository provides automated, scalable capabilities to optimize resources in an SOA environment
xchat2 an X-Chat build for Windows, compiled on Windows XP SP2 with Microsoft Visual Studio .NET 2003 Enterprise Architect C/C++ compiler.
wx.html2 null
wsdl-2.0 Web Services Description Language Version 2.0
wsad5.1 null
workfusion null
youku a Chinese video plattform
yuglify a script intended for JavaScript and CSS compression.
haxml Haskell utilities for parsing, filtering, transforming and generating XML documents.
haskell-vector null
jsr196 JSR 196: Java Authentication Service Provider Interface for Containers
jsr199 JSR 199: Java Compiler API
jsyn Java audio synthesis API based on unit generators
zurmocrm an Open Source Customer Relationship Management application that is mobile, social, and gamified
zend-server-installation process instructions describe how to obtain and install Zend Server on different os
zend-filter-strip-tags null
zend-certification awarded on PHP and Zend Frameworks by the PHP company called Zend.
zend-currency null
rhinoceros Rhinoceros is a commercial 3D computer graphics and computer-aided design application.
cod null
fscommand null
rfc4180 RFC4180 defines a common Format and MIME Type for Comma-Separated Values Files.
netsqlazman the .NET Sql Authorization Manager short form and is an applicative authorization manager, that is, given an application user, what this user is authorized to do within that application…
network-block-device null
networkcomms.net a high performance cross-platform network library written in C#, with the purpose of being used in all .NET Framework compatible languages, C#, VB.Net, F#, J#, C++/CLI etc
prototype-scope define a Bean that will get newly created on each request.
protothread null
codeguard A back-up system or a code instrumentation tool.
blend-mode null
blinker Fast, simple object-to-object and broadcast signaling in python
bleve null
django-project-architect null
react-masonry null
react-native-component null
angular2-docheck null
angular2-md-tabs null
react-native-native-ui-component null
azure-affinity-group Affinity groups allow you to group your Windows Azure services to optimize performance.
angular2-resolve null
azure-debugger null
ios-icons null
community-translations null
common-library null
process-accounting null
process-pool null
linkedin-ios-sdk null
wxglcanvas null
disque a distributed message queue with built in fault tolerance and at least once delivery guarantees
disconnected-environment null
xbox-music a digital music service developed by Microsoft that offers music through ad-supported streaming, subscription streaming, and purchase through the Xbox Music Store
xbim null
x509securitytokenmanager null
xamarin.insights an analytics tool that answers vital questions about the health of your apps and provides comprehensive details on what kind of users you have and how they interact with your appli…
xamarin.social Multi-platform library to share statuses, links, and images on Facebook, Flickr, Twitter and more
vector-processing null
vecmath null
vdm-sl A language for the design and specification of systems, supporting the Vienna Development Method
introsort null
interval-intersection null
qtquickextras The Qt Quick Extras module provides specialized controls for creating user interfaces
qt5.10 Tag this only for the issues specific for Qt 5.10 and not for other versions.
vendor-neutrality null
verp a technique to enable automatic detection of undeliverable e-mail addresses when sending email to multiple recipients
msgsend null
ms-tracing-eventsource Used in reference to the Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource nuget library, which is the 'out-of-band' version of System.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource
msstyles null
mstdc The Distributed Transaction Coordinator service is a component of modern versions of Microsoft Windows that is responsible for coordinating transactions that span multiple resource managers, s…
mthaml null
msitransform null
verilator a translation tool which converts a subset of Verilog as well as portions of SystemVerilog into C++ or SystemC.
datamapper-1.2 null
interval-arithmetic null
vector-icons null
vcdiff null
xar Xar is an open source file archiver and the archiver’s file format.
xaml-composition null
dispatch-after Enqueue a block for execution at the specified time.
dismissviewcontroller null
wxphp a binding/wrapper for the cross-platform GUI library wxWidgets.
wxauitoolbar wxpython AUI toolbar widget, a pure Python implementation of an advanced toolbar
programmable-completion null
linderdaum an open source purely object-oriented 3D gaming engine for Microsoft Windows, Google Android and Blackberry OS 10 written in C++.
procps null
commonspot null
ios-sqlite null
angular2-bootstrapping null
angular2-ngfor null
angular2-opaquetoken null
reactivemongo-play-json null
django-recaptcha an integration of google reCAPTCHA with Django to be used as a field and a widget
django-oracle Questions about django applications and oracle database.
ble-state-preservation null
code-analyst null
code-caching null
blackberry-os-v4.5 null
bk-tree a metric tree specifically adapted to discrete metric spaces.
protobuf-3 Protocol buffers version 3 - a new language design that is not backward compatible with previous versions.
propertypath null
property-attribute null
proof-system null
mu-law an algorithm used in audio processing.
nettcprelaybinding null
function-address null
rfc4627 RFC 4627 defines the JSON format as used in the application/json MIME media type.
rfc6265 defines the HTTP Cookie and Set-Cookie header fields
fullrowselect Property of the ListView class in .NET what gets or sets a value indicating whether clicking an item selects all its subitems.
fullscreenchange null
rggobi null
rgbcolor null
zeit-now a cloud platform for realtime global deployments of Docker apps, Node.js apps, or static websites
zemanta a content discovery engine used to create connections between bloggers of similar topics.
zune-hd The Zune HD was a portable media player in the Zune product family released on September 15, 2009 by Microsoft
jspec a JavaScript BDD Framework.
jsvalue null
jsr349 null
jsr-353 Use jsr-353 for questions related to the specification or implementation of Java Specification Request 353: Java API for JSON Processing
haxeui Cross platform set of styleable application centric, rich UI components for Haxe, to be used
hbasetestingutility null
writers null
workflow-foundation-3 null
wscf.blue null
wsfederationhttpbinding null
wso2wsas an application server that links together open source technologies.
wss-2.0 null
xcode6.1-gm-seed Related to the new GM Seed version of xCode 6.1.
xcode3.1 null
xcode-debugger null
yardoc null
yahoo-analytics A tracking system that can help track and analyze visitor activity on web sites.
xml-to-json null
xmlformview null
xml-error null
label-control null
kuromoji a self-contained and very easy to use Japanese morphological analyzer designed for search http://atilika.org/
kuka-krl a program which re-indents your KUKA KRL source code.
lance an open source JavaScript platform for real-time multiplayer game development
comment-conventions null
teamprise null
telegraf-plugins null
telerik-datepicker a set of highly configurable components for selecting date and time values.
kstokenview a control that displays a collection of tokens in a an editable UITextField and sends messages to delegate object
temasys null
entity-data-model null
entity-functions null
entityx null
enumerate-devices null
cloud-bare-metal for the cloud use of the term bare-metal
clojure-protocol Protocols were introduced in Clojure 1.2
relative-time-span null
lazy-registration a process that allows the prospective user to test out many of the core features, save their sessions and data, and then when they are ready to sign up, everything is ported to th…
region-management null
database-events null
databasepublishingwizard null
layout-editor null
latte a template engine for PHP that compiles templates to plain optimized PHP code and provides great cache management.
stdadvance null
status-message null
criteo Questions related to integration of the various Criteo SDKs and APIs.
credstash null
cross-posting null
vue-validator Validator component for Vue.js
wadslogtable null
vue-devtools Questions related to the Chrome and Firefox DevTools extension for debugging Vue.js applications.
ios-statusbar null
apollo-ios A strongly-typed, caching GraphQL client for iOS, written in Swift.
appannie a business intelligence company and analyst firm headquartered in San Francisco, USA
azure-webjobs-triggered null
react-tabs React tabs component https://github.com/reactjs/react-tabs
react-stripe-elements to use for any questions related to Stripe React components wrapping Stripe.js and Stripe Elements
react-native-windows null
nike null
fbsnapshottestcase Automated test case framework that compares a UIView or CALayer to a screenshot, and fails the test if the two images don't match
fdfgen null
fdmemtable null
feathers-service null
feathersui a library for Adobe_Air powered by starling framework of Adobe_Air, provides GPU powered user interface
feature-activation null
nini .NET configuration library designed to help build highly configurable applications quickly
nikola a Static Site and Blog Generator written in Python 3.
nim-game a two-player strategy game
animal-sniffer build signatures of APIs and to check classes against previously generated signatures.
large-query null
laspy a python library for reading, modifying and creating .LAS LIDAR files
safari-app-extension Safari app extensions leverage web technologies and native code to extend the web-browsing experience in Safari
safecontrols null
ofc null
pygmentize null
pygame-tick null
pyface an Enthought library for Python that provides toolkit-independent GUI facilities for use with other Enthought libraries
python-responses null
python-novaclient null
python-onvif Python Client for ONVIF Camera
docplexcloud IBM's Decision Optimization on Cloud, which simplifies planning and scheduling tasks in industries and functional areas such as human resource planning, supply chain management, and pr…
doctrine-native-query null
pyldap null
pluto the serialization library used by Mobile Lua .
pls-00428 null
plone-funnelweb a package to convert existing content and import it into a Plone site.
postageapp an Email Service Provider API for applications that have their own SMTP server or require a bulk MTA service.
permalink-fu null
phonebook A telephone directory, also known as a telephone book, telephone address book, phone book.
pingendo a WSIWYG editor for HTML pages, focused towards creating Bootstrap prototypes quickly
pspad a freeware programmer's editor for Microsoft Windows operating systems.
pspsdk null
pvts Python Tools for Visual Studio
pvpython the version of python bundled with the paraview plotting package
pyatom null
pybindgen null
pybinding null
pycompss the name of the COMPSs binding for Python applications.
python-green a clean, colorful test runner for Python unit tests.
prisma Prisma turns your database into a GraphQL API.
private-bower null
precompile-assets Use rake assets:precompile to pre-compile the assets before pushing code to production
precompiled-views null
print-job-control null
oracle-bam Oracle Business Activity Monitoring is a component of both SOA Suite and BPM Suite
oracleportal a browser-based, self-service content publishing and site development solution built on Oracle Application Server or WebLogic
othello when question is related to the game Othello
orbot a free Android app that enables other apps to browse the internet more securely
orafce An open source software that implements some Oracle PL/SQL subprograms and packages in PostgreSQL.
open-intents null
openinviter a free import contacts script from email for all major email providers and social networks around the world.
openwisp Ask here technical and programming questions related to any of the OpenWISP modules
operation-contract null
onavailable null
ocfs2 a shared disk file system developed by Oracle Corporation and released under the GNU General Public License
octane-sdk a development kit created by Impinj for operating their RFID equipment
openglrenderer null
online-forms null
performance-measuring null
pdb-palm null
paypal-android-sdk null
pay-per-view null
payment-integration null
parse-transform null
partial-sort a relaxed variant of the sorting problem.
partially-applied-type null
parse.js a Common Lisp package for parsing JavaScript
outgoing-call null
pact-ruby a cross-language tool that provides Consumer Driven Contracts testing.
paddle-paddle null
samsung-s8 when you have a specific question about programming for the Samsung Galaxy S8 device
sandstorm.io an open source platform for personal servers
sasl-scram null
sap-data-dictionary questions about creation and management of SAP data definitions , tables, views, search helps, domains and data elements
sales-analytics Questions pertaining to integrating sales data from third party software distribution channels such as Apple App Store , Google Play , and Microsoft Windows Store
rushorm RushOrm for Android replaces the need for SQL by mapping Java classes to SQL tables
rust-0.8 a native system programming language; its most notable use is the research layout engine Servo
rust-0.9 a native system programming language; its most notable use is the research layout engine Servo
run-time-polymorphism null
ruby-upgrade Any questions related to ruby version upgrade can be tagged with this tag.
ruffus a Computation Pipeline library for python
ruby-serialport a gem to work with rs232 interfaces using the ruby programming language.
running-balance null
runtime-configuration null
rmr2 null
r-modis an R package providing functionality to access and process Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer satellite images.
rivr Used for questions about the Rivr open-source Java library for development of VoiceXML applications.
rls The Rust Language Server provides useful functionalities to IDEs, editors and other tools for Rust development, including code completion, 'goto definition', symbol search and reformatting.
robjects Python wrappers for R objects.
ruby-object-mapper Questions related to the Ruby Object Mapper project
ruby-mqtt A Pure Ruby gem that implements the MQTT protocol, a lightweight protocol for publish/subscribe messaging.
self-interpreter null
setcurrentvalue Sets the value of a dependency property without without affecting the property’s value source.
settingsprovider null
sgplot null
search-and-promote a reliable and scalable hosted site search application, capable of scaling to millions of pages or products, for heavily visited online businesses ranging from retail to news s…
selectmethod null
scnsphere null
scripting-languages null
schematiq null
schroot null
scilexer.dll null
sched-deadline a scheduling class for resource-reservation real-time CPU scheduler in the Linux kernel
scaphold Scaphold.io, GraphQL backend as a service platform for rapid app development
reverse-shell null
repeating-linear-gradient null
reset-button null
refix null
reflectionpermission null
regex101 null
regexkit an Objective-C framework for regular expressions.
recent-screens null
realtime-api null
reasonml For questions related to ReasonML, an ML-variant with a syntax friendly to JavaScript developers.
qnx-ifs QNX OS image filesystem file
qmultimap a class from the Qt Toolkit which is a convenience QMap subclass that provides multi-valued maps
python-iptables the tool that is used to manage netfilter, the standard packet filtering and manipulation framework under Linux
qlocalserver The QLocalServer class provides a local socket based server
queryselectall null
rabbitmq-federation Used for questions relating to RabbitMQ's Federation plugin.
qualified null
radicale A simple CalDAV and CardDAV server.
rabbitpy A pure python, thread-safe, minimalistic and pythonic RabbitMQ client library http://rabbitpy.readthedocs.org
racf RACF, short for Resource Access Control Facility, is an IBM software product
rayon null
razor-mediator null
readiumjs a javascript library and viewer for EPUB 3 rendering optimized for use to render EPUB files directly from websites and in browser-based readers
real-ip null
twilio-taskrouter null
twilio-twiml For anything related to Twilio's TwiML
truedepth-camera null
trinitycore MMORPG framework that's built using C++, and using a back-end of MySQL for the DB content.
trifecta a modern parser combinator library for Haskell with slicing and Clang-style colored diagnostics.
trimesh null
tradestation null
traceswitch null
trailsjs A Modern Web Application Framework for Node.js
tmonitor null
tpngimagelist null
tpot a Python Automated Machine Learning tool that optimizes machine learning pipelines using genetic programming.
tracd null
ticket-tracking null
timelinelite A timeline class for building & managing sequences of TweenLite, TweenMax, TimelineLite and/or TimelineMax instances
uioutput a java component , for display purpose only.
umlet a free, open-source, very light UML tool
udl2 a feature of Notepad++ editor through which users can define their own syntax highlighting
ucb-logo the most famous variant of the logo programming language
ucs-4 null
twtrcomposer null
txt2tags For programming questions related to the `Txt2tags` document generator.
unhaddins Unofficial addins for NHibernate
unowned-references null
umn null
umzug null
unwarp null
uplevel null
usercall used in/by IDA to describe functions with unconventional calling conventions.
wall-time null
wal-e null
vista-security null
virus-definitions null
view-debugging null
view-bound Visible boundaries of a drawable displayed in a view.
vfd null
vb6-express null
wavmss WaveMediaStreamSource - implementation of a MediaStreamSource allowing Silverlight to playback Wave files encoded in the PCM format.
wattpad a place to discover and share stories: a social platform that connects people through words.
web-config-encryption null
web-extensibility null
websphere-esb a flexible connectivity infrastructure for integrating applications and services.
websphere-mq-ams WebSphere MQ Advanced Message Security extends WebSphere MQ to provide end-to-end message signing and encryption, including encryption of messages at rest.
webtask null
weechat Wee-chat is a free and open-source Internet Relay Chat client, which is designed to be light and fast
wording used to express a statement, behaviour, etc., esp a written one.
word-automation-service null
windows-wpp Windows Software Trace Preprocessor
windows-virtual-pc null
windows-shortcut a link that points to a program on the computer, in another directory
taskwarrior null
systypes.h A POSIX C header file defining data types
systemwrapper null
tfield null
texticle Texticle exposes full text search capabilities from PostgreSQL, extending ActiveRecord with scopes to make search easy and fun!
text-driver an ODBC Database Driver that allows access to Comma Seperated, Tab Delimited and Fixed Width data in text files.
terraform-provider-openstack Terraform provider fo Openstack
td-agent null
tcustomcontrol null
temporary-asp.net-files null
swift-class null
swift-closures null
swiffy null
sweethome3d a free interior design application that helps you draw the plan of your house, arrange furniture on it and visit the results in 3D.
svsocket R Implementation of a simple socket server.
stm32-hal a set of high-level peripheral libraries for stm32 MCUs.
stdbool null
stl-fileformat File format for stereolithography CAD files.
solr-highlight null
speclj null
spray-can null
sqf used in the ArmA series series of games for game logic and scripting
sqitch a database change management application.
sprox a widget generation Python library for creating custom web content directly from database schemas.
sql-server-on-linux a relational database management system
staff-wsf Web Service Framework for C++, AJAX, and J2ME that is based on Apache Axis2/C.
standardjs null
sqwrl For questions related to SQWRL, a SWRL-based query language for extracting information from OWL ontologies.
silk-performer Borland's enterprise-class tool for automated software application performance and load testing.
silk a fork of Kibana, an open source , browser based analytics and search dashboard for Solr
silvertunnel silvertunnel.org - easy-to-use secure and anonymous communication
simics an efficient, instrumented, system level instruction set simulator.
simd-library an image processing cross platform open source software library written in C++.
simplefilevisitor a class with default implementation to visit all files and on error it will re-throw errors
shimmercat an edge web server thought specifically for modern web applications
s-maxage null
smartdevicelink an open source platform for connecting smartphone apps to vehicles.
slk a SCORM 2004 certified e-learning delivery and tracking application built as a SharePoint solution
sitelock null
itcss A sane, scalable, managed CSS architecture for large UI projects.
karma-chrome-launcher null
kaleidoscope a proprietary visual diff tool for Mac, which works with Git, SVN, Mercurial, and others.
kaizala-action null
bulletproof A single-class php library to upload images
metrowerks null
mex-bindings null
mfc-networking null
microsoft-appstudio Windows App Studio–Free Tool to create apps in Windows Stores.
micrometer null
micro-ip an open source TCP/IP stack capable of being used with tiny 8- and 16-bit microcontrollers.
cfprint null
cfreport null
cgns CGNS stands for CFD General Notation System
ch a C/C++ interpreter and scripting language.
ora-04088 ORA-04088: Error during execution of trigger
ora-17004 ORA-17004 - Invalid column type
passslot a service for developers for Passbook integration with applications
passthrough-attributes a JSF 2.2 specific term for declaring component attributes which should be passed through into the HTML output during render response
merb-auth null
mercadopago null
dictionary-missing mark questions relating the Python magic method called when a dictionary key is missing.
dialplan null
user-warning null
ushahidi a web framework for gathering reports and pinning them on a map, using crowd-sourcing
rocketeer a fast and easy deploying tool for modern developers
dfd For questions related to Data Flow Diagrams
roundedbitmapdrawable null
amara null
cxml-commercexml a protocol intended for communication of business documents.
agile-central Technical questions about coding to CA Agile Central's various APIs including the App SDK, Rest Toolkits , and the Web Service API.
aio-write null
aiopg a python library for accessing a PostgreSQL database using asyncio.
custom-installation An app that supports custom installation must allow users to change default values, colors, or settings during the process of installation or the deployment of an application onto a device for future …
ox an object-oriented matrix programming language with a mathematical and statistical function library.
p4vs a Perforce Plug-in for Visual Studio.
owlnext an extensive update of Borland's Object Windows Library for writing GUI applications in standard C++ on Microsoft Windows.
owlready a module for ontology-oriented programming in Python, including an optimized RDF quadstore.
oversampling Oversampling and undersampling in data analysis are techniques used to adjust the class distribution of a data set .
qz-tray for questions relating to QZ-Tray, a industry printing software and more for your web browser.
appendfile null
appcompatdialog null
apache-portable-runtime null
apache-spark-1.2 Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.2 For general questions related to Apache Spark use the tag .
apache-cocoon Apache Cocoon, usually just called Cocoon, is a web application framework built around the concepts of pipeline, separation of concerns and component-based web development.
apache-commons-imaging null
araxis-merge null
applet-servlet null
android-restrictions Android App restrictions allow the enterprise administrator to remotely specify settings for apps.
android-rendering null
android-picture-in-picture null
authenticationchallenge null
aurelia-di Aurelia has a built in dependency injection framework that is used for managing objects.
avaudioconverter null
avcapturephotosettings null
awe a Windows feature that allows 32-bit programs to access more than 2GB of data.
asp.net-mvc-file-upload null
astro Some sort of file manager for android
associated-sorting null
arc-diagram a style of graph drawing, in which the vertices of a graph are placed along a line in the Euclidean plane, with edges being drawn as semicircles in one of the two halfplanes bounded by …
archiverjs a streaming interface for archive generation with JavaScript
asgardcms A modular multilingual Content Management System built with the Laravel PHP framework.
argh A very simple python wrapper for argparse, with support for hierarchical commands that can be bound to modules or classes.
argon2-ffi a hashing algorithm, primarily for password hashing
argument-matcher null
alcatraz a package manager for Xcode.
akka-typed a extension of Akka providing an alternate actor definition API, allowing for type-safe behavior definition.
afoauth2client an extension for AFNetworking that greatly simplifies the process of authenticating against an OAuth 2 provider.
adroitlogic Use for queries related to AdroitLogic and AS2Station
adaptive-parallel-payment a payment from a sender that is split directly among 2-6 receivers
adbwireless null
acts-as-versioned null
activity-tracing an API added in iOS 8 / OS X 10.10 that adds limited log messages to crash reports for apps running on Apple's platforms.
acts-as-taggable-on-ster null
amd-gcn null
algol68 an imperative computer programming language that was conceived as a successor to the ALGOL 60 programming language.
algebraixlib a Python 3 package that provides constructs and facilities to harness the fundamentals of data algebra
sharedservicesprovider null
postgresql-8.0 For PostgreSQL questions specific to version 8.0.
postgresapp the easiest way to get started with PostgreSQL on the Mac
postgresql-initdb null
postgresql-bigsql BigSQL supplies a packaged PostgreSQL distribution for multiple platforms including popular extensions and tools around Postgres.
post-receive-email null
elastic-mq null
ekg null
elastic-cloud null
share.js an Operational Transform library for NodeJS & browsers
ace-plugin an Apache Cordova plugin enabling native iOS/Android UI and native Objective-C/Java code to be leveraged from the app's HTML and JavaScript.
accounting.js a tiny JavaScript library,providing simple and advanced number, money and currency formatting.
.xproj null
conf.d null
componentresourcekey null
container-classes null
comadmin null
com-callable-wrapper null
component-design null
compcert a formally verified C compiler for a large subset of the C programming language.
codexl Cross-platform, MIT-licensed software tool suite for profiling and optimising aspects of CPU, GPU and APU performance.
code-splitting-async null
column-aggregation null
excel-reader null
exceptionless a framework for logging and managing application exceptions
executeprocesstask null
cookie-authentication null
context-configuration null
custom-arrayadapter null
curl.js A small, fast module and resource loader with dependency management.
d3fc null
crystal-reports-7 a reporting tool released by Crystal Decisions
cryptolicensing a software for adding licensing capabilities to various forms of .net applications through code generation.
crud-admin-generator null
django-angular null
direct-path null
device-node null
directory.delete null
direct-buffer usually used with channels and native I/O routines
dpd an 10-bit encoding for 3 decimal digits used by IEEE 754-2008 decimal floating point numbers
dogpile.cache a Python package that provides a caching pattern based on dogpile.core locking system and is intended to replace Beaker as far as caching goes.
dojo-1.8 null
documentpage null
dkms null
deluge null
delphi-unicode Questions related to using Unicode with Delphi
deco null
ddx null
data-tracing null
data-theme A data attribute added to HTML elements used by jQuery Mobile to indicate what theme to apply.
data-factory null
datastax-node-driver null
dart-dev-compiler null
browsercms a general purpose, open source Web Content Management System , written in Ruby on Rails.
bootstrap-duallistbox null
bootstrap-confirmation null
bootstrapvalidator-1000hz null
calendly interact with other systems.
capture-output null
cart-rules null
bootrun null
boomla a simple platform for building websites
boon a high performance JSON parser.
bizunit an auutomated testing framework for BizTalk applications
bitblit a computer graphics operation in which several bitmaps are combined into one using a raster operator
bitmiracle null
bitmapcache null
bit-framework A framework based on asp.net core which helps to develop scalable software for web and mobile applications.
bitkeeper a distributed source-code-management-system.
biased-locking null
basegameutils null
beignet null
azure-performancecounters null
wide-column-store a type of key-value database
widgetkit null
embark null
cake-bake a feature in Cakephp that auto-generates php and html code which provides a set of webpages to provide basic CRUD features based on the database schema.
cacheapi null
cabal-sandbox By default, any dependencies of the package are installed into the global or user package databases
wheelcollider null
pokein a reverse ajax and websocket library for .NET Framework and Mono developers
polymer-3.x null
polykinds null
c++-edittext null
c4127 A warning generated at warning level 4 in visual-c++ compilers.
ca1062 null
point-in-time null
pointer-container null
pocket-ie null
pocodynamo null
cobbler for Cobbler, the Linux installation server that allows for rapid setup of network installation environments.
cmattitude null
certify null
cewolf null
chromium-portable a portable version of the Chromium web browser, packaged in the PortableApps.com format
charniak-parser A statistical parser designed by Eugene Charniak of Brown University widely used in NLP
chatbase to get guidance and advice from Chatbase Technical Support and other Chatbase users
channeladvisor null
clientresource null
clim the Common Lisp Interface Manager, a platform-independent user interface framework for Common Lisp.
clfs a project that provides you with step-by-step instructions for building your own cross-compiled custom Linux system, entirely from source code.
cluto null
circular-permutations A cyclic permutation is a permutation built on a set of elements in cyclic order.
lending-club-api A stateless RESTful interface for Lending Club to retrieve account and loan information.
lempel-ziv-76 null
leex Lexical analyzer generator for Erlang.
kraken-image-optimizer Kraken Image Optimizer is a robust online image optimization service which offers a robust REST API, Web Interface, as well as plugins and modules for various platforms such as Wor…
knowledge-base-population null
knockout-amd-helpers a javascript extension of the popular knockout.js framework, that enables support for AMD and external templates
kosaraju-algorithm null
jxmultisplitpane null
kendospreadsheet null
kendo-timepicker A time picker component of Kendo UI framework.
jzlib a pure Java port of zlib, supporting the deflate and zlib compressed data formats.
lintian Lintian dissects Debian packages and tries to find bugs and policy violations
link-time-optimization null
lift-record null
lightblue software to help run a photography business
location-updates null
listchanged null
loadoptions null
makepp null
mac-spoofing a technique for changing a factory-assigned Media Access Control address of a network interface on a networked device"
macaulay2 a mathematical programming language particularly for algebraic geometry and commutative algebra.
macos-app-extension null
lwuit-tabs null
lwuit-label Allows displaying labels and images with different alignment options.
loose null
jaxb-xew-plugin Is a JAXB plugin that applies @XmlElementWrapper annotation while removing unnecessary collection wrappers.
jbase an open database product providing of MultiValue technology
jawt Java's original platform-independent windowing, graphics, and user-interface widget toolkit.
java-transaction-service Java Transaction Service specifies the implementation of a transaction manager which supports the JTA specification at the high-level and implements the Java mapping of the OMG Object Transactio…
jacop null
interopbitmapimage null
interpreter-pattern The Interpreter pattern implements a specialized language
interprolog a Java frontend for Prolog, currently supporting XSB, SWI, and YAP.
ionic-filter-bar A platform specific search filter plugin for the Ionic Framework .
ion-scroll null
ios32 For issues relating to using iOS, version 3.2.
isl null
isalive null
isa-swizzling null
ios8-handoff iOS Handoff feature - allow a user to start using an app on one device and then pick up where he/she left off on another
jopenid a very fast, lightweight Java client library for OpenID 2.0 specification
jpegbitmapencoder null
joomdle Joomdle consists of a series of extensions for Moodle and Joomla to integrate them
jfs the Journaling File System, originally from IBM, for Linux systems.
jgestures null
jesque an implementation of Resque in Java
js-joda an immutable date and time library for javascript.
jsbuilder null
jquery-queue a method of jQuery library that allows to show or manipulate the queue of functions to be executed on the matched element.
jquery-session A jQuery plugin for session storage with limited support for cross protocol storage
jsonpointer Standard for pointing to a specific value within a JSON document
jsonata a JSON query and transformation language
memorization null
mdanalysis an object-oriented python toolkit to analyze molecular dynamics trajectories
meta-object-facility MOF originated in the Unified Modeling Language ; the OMG was in need of a metamodeling architecture to define the UML
meteor-ios Meteor iOS integrates native iOS apps with the Meteor platform through DDP
microsoft-sal an inline, source level API annotation language, commonly used to document WinAPI and various Microsoft projects.
microsoft-virtualization null
marvinproject an extensible, cross-platform and open source image processing framework developed in Java.
mason-abm a fast discrete-event multiagent simulation library core in Java, designed to be the foundation for large custom-purpose Java simulations, and also to provide more than enough functionality f…
mat-autocomplete null
manifoldjs used to create hosted web applications based on a W3C Web App manifest.
mbeanexporter null
mathcontext null
maven-scala-plugin used for compiling/testing/running/documenting scala code in maven.
modman a script to manage linking files from external repositories into another project when files need to be interspersed within a project
mod-evasive null
mobiledevice.framework A framework for communicating with Apple's mobile devices such as iPhones, iPads, and iPods.
ml-yacc a parser generator for for Standard ML.
monostate null
mod-verto null
moores-law the observation that over the history of computing hardware, the number of transistors on integrated circuits doubles approximately every two years.
mosaico null
msde2000 null
multidrop-bus a computer bus used in vending machines in which all components are connected to the electrical circuit.
nodechildren null
nsdraggingitem The NSDraggingItem class encompasses a single dragged item within an NSDraggingSession instance.
nsdocumentdirectory-ios8 null
non-web null
oauth-php null
nwb null
nwebsec a collection of open source security libraries that manage security headers for ASP.NET applications.
ntwitter an Asynchronous Twitter client for Node.js
nsmeasurementformatter null
ntt Number Theoretic Transform - form of discrete Fourier transform on finite fields
network-tools null
networkit null
neural-mt null
nanoboxio an app deployment & management service.
neo4j-node null
n73 null
mws null
hudson-plugin-batch-task null
ibm-content-collector a product designed to collect, manage and archive various types of objects, such as documents, emails, files from different sources in a centralized archive system
ibm-datacap null
httpunhandledexception null
hopac a library for F# with the aim of making it easier to write correct, modular and efficient parallel, asynchronous and concurrent programs.
html-templates Add a template element to your document with children defining your template and then, as needed, copy its `content` and apply.
htmlfill null
hobby-os usually related to operating systems that are being built and maintained just for fun, or for learning purposes.
hive-partitions To be used for questions regarding partitions in hive.
hlsl2glsl null
hgsvn null
hibernate-5 null
hit-count null
hexmachina an Haxe framework for building configurable, large scaling modular applications, games, stateful websites and servers, targeting JavaScript, Flash, PHP, Neko platforms.
hellosign-api null
hecl null
haskell-cmdargs A Haskell command line parsing library
hekad an open source stream processing software system developed by Mozilla
heapshot used to find memory leaks in OS X and iOS apps.
ihtmlimgelement null
ilias an open-source SCORM-compliant web-based learning management system
imce-file-browser null
imgix-js a JavaScript library for responsive images
imenu null
icccm X11 Inter-Client Communication Conventions Manual: a manual describing conventions that can be used by X11 clients, servers, window managers etcetera to better interoperate
ietf-bcp-47 null
icon-handler a class for getting icons from files and the default associated icons by the extension of the file.
iexternalizable an ActionScript interface that allows a class to override built-in AMF serialization
initialization-block Questions related to initialization block
imposm Imports OpenStreetMap data into PostgreSQL/PostGIS databases.
information-management null
getschema null
generalpasteboard null
getdrivetype null
getdistance null
gnonlin a set of GStreamer elements to ease the creation of non-linear multimedia editors
goamz The goamz package enables Go programs to interact with the Amazon Web Services.
goaop an open source PHP aspect-oriented framework for PHP 5.6+, focusing on providing easy access to the aspect-oriented paradigm in PHP for developers
goblin null
gmisc An R package of miscellaneous functions for graphics, table creating, plotting and more.
glyph-substitution null
gnash a media player for playing SWF files
git-sparse-checkout null
git-sign For issues related to signing tags and commits in
google-chrome-flags null
google-cloud-billing null
google-maps-ios-utils `google-maps-ios-utils` used for maker clustering with `google-map-sdk` in `iOS`
google-maps-drawing null
google-cloud-node null
gvisgeomap null
hapi-swagger null
handlerexceptionresolver Interface to be implemented by objects than can resolve exceptions thrown during handler mapping or execution, in the typical case to error views
gulp-header Gulp extension to add header to file in the pipeline.
group-project null
group proposed for burnination, please do not use it
guid-partition-table A describes the partitions of a physical hard disk with the use of GUIDs .
google-publisher-tag null
google-organization-chart null
gringo null
groebner-basis A particular kind of generating subset of an ideal in a polynomial ring
groovyc the Groovy compiler command line tool
enclojure a plugin for Netbeans IDE providing Clojure development features: completion, syntax highlighting, debugging, code folding, a REPL, and live namespacing.
emptylicenseslicx null
emitter null
ember-pods null
exports-loader null
event-passthrough null
existential-operator null
exificient a Java library for for reading and writing EXI files.
dynamics365-app-mobile for Questions related to Dynamics 365 mobile app, like issues facing in code development, form customizations, Sitemap configuration issues, etc.
dynamics-ax-xpo In Microsoft Dynamics AX, you can select one or more X++ application objects in the Application Object Tree to export an .xpo file
dynamic-schema null
dsml DSML - Directory Services Markup Language
drywall null
dynamoose when you are asking for advice or help with the dynamoose project, which is a object modeler for Amazons DynamoDb, inspired by Mongoose.
elasticui a set of AngularJS directives for Elasticsearch.
elessar a JavaScript library for creating a range slider interface element that supports multiple adjustable ranges.
elevatedb a commercial, lightweight database engine offered by Elevate Software.
el-get null
ellcc an open-source set of tools to cross-compile programs for embedded systems
elm-random null
elm-make null
flockdb Open-source, distributed, fault-tolerant graph database from Twitter
flkautolayout a UIView category which makes it easy to create layout constraints in code.
flipper null
fluentftp For questions about the FluentFTP library for .NET.
flummox idiomatic, modular, testable, isomorphic Flux
formsof Part of Microsoft SQL Server syntax for performing full-text searching.
fusion360 an Autodesk software for 3D CAD, CAM, and CAE
friendrequest null
freezegun a library that allows your python tests to travel through time by mocking the datetime module
freeze-thaw null
gdm the GNOME Display Manager
g++5.1 null
farm-solution null
fannj A Java binding to the Fast Artificial Neural Network C library.
fancyform a library for styling HTML elements, built on jQuery.
fastexport a utility that exports large data sets from Teradata tables or views to a client system for processing, generating large reports, or for loading data into a smaller database.
fastcv for questions about Qualcomm´s FastCV computer vision library.
ferror null
failable null
faas Function as a Service
file-templates null
filevault a method of using encryption with volumes on Mac computers
filter-iterator null
final-form 🏁 Framework agnostic, high performance, subscription-based form state management
flashplayer-9 Adobe Flash Player version 9.
flash-autoplay null
fjcore null
fivestar null
fixer.io null
wmplayer To be used for Windows Media Player issue only
spectacle null
wmctrl null
wix-gui Create User Interface using WIX for the installation purposes.
in-app-promotions null
ncron a light-weight library for building and deploying scheduled background jobs on the .NET server platform
narwhal A deprecated general purpose JavaScript platform
mysql-error-1349 #1349 - View's SELECT contains a subquery in the FROM clause
mysql6 null
mysql-error-1193 Error 1193: Unknown system variable '%s'
mysql-error-1205 null
mysql-error-1214 ERROR 1214 : The used table type doesn't support FULLTEXT indexes
dom-inspector the name of a Firefox plugin as well as the generic name for any browser interface used to traverse the document tree of an HTML or XML file.
shunit2 a xUnit based unit test framework for Bourne based shell scripts.
shouldly an assertion framework which focuses on giving great error messages when the assertion fails while being simple and terse.
shoryuken AWS SQS thread based message processor for Ruby https://github.com/phstc/shoryuken
aws-organizations null
aws-lib Node.js library for the Amazon Web Services
aws-console for questions about the AWS Console, the web console for Amazon Web Services.
binding.pry null
mefedmvvm null
controlleractioninvoker null
libreoffice-draw A vector graphics editor and diagramming tool similar to Microsoft Visio and comparable in features to early versions of CorelDRAW
libreoffice-impress null
mdsd a software development methodology which focuses on creating and exploiting domain models
mdht a project under Open Health Tools to develop a common modeling framework and tools for IT in the healthcare industry.
liblog null
libhdfs for questions relevant to libhdf; a JNI based C api for Hadoop's DFS.
libgmail null
libhand an open-source library for rendering and recognizing articulations of the human hand
glload the Unofficial OpenGL SDK library for initializing OpenGL's functions.
glge a javascript library intended to ease the use of WebGL; which is basically a native browser javascript API giving direct access to openGL ES2, allowing for the use of hardware accelerated 2D/3…
dynamicgridview Android GridView component improvement that allows to drag and drop items.
dynamically-generated-co null
abrecordcopyvalue Method which returns the value of a record property.
dweet.io simple publishing and subscribing for machines, sensors, devices, robots etc.
dutch-national-flag null
abortbroadcast In computer networking, broadcasting refers to transmitting a packet that will be received by every device on the network
lumen-5.5 null
lwuit-command LWUIT includes the concept of a command
lua-alien a Foreign Function Interface for Lua.
lua-busted a unit testing framework supporting Lua >= 5.1, luajit >= 2.0.0, and moonscript.
luacom an add-on library to the Lua language that allows Lua programs to use and implement objects that follow Microsoft's Component Object Model specification and use the ActiveX technology for proper…
lua-scripting-library Lua Scripting Library, A Lua library used in World of Warcraft game scripting.
luasec a binding for OpenSSL library to provide TLS/SSL communication.
lua-loadfile null
lucidchart a diagramming tool for collaboration, with integration support.
lucene-nrt Near realtime search in Lucene refers to features added to IndexWriter in Lucene version 2.9 that enable updates to be efficiently searched hopefully within milliseconds after an update is completed.
composite-literals a way of declaring and allocating resources in the Go programming language.
visual-studio-gallery The Visual Studio Gallery provides quick access to tools, controls, and templates to help you get the most out of Visual Studio.
composite-view comprised of multiple pieces.
lpcxpresso a low-cost development tool platform, available directly from NXP
lreshape Undocumented pandas function.
generic-test null
geoext3 For questions relating to the GeoExt 3 Javascript library.
torque3d a 3D computer game engine.
touch.unit a NUnitLite based runner that executes inside the iOS simulator or devices.
totara an open source distribution of Moodle developed for the corporate and government market.
touch-feedback null
php-generators PHP 5.5 introduces generators and the associated keyword yield
phploc a tool for quickly measuring the size and analyzing the structure of a PHP project.
php-opcode similar to Java bytecode or .Net CIL
ink.sapo.pt a set of tools for quick development of web interfaces
ink-analyzer null
in-place-edit null
input-iterator Questions about Input Iterators , in particular in C++.
classwizard ClassWizard a programmer's assistant for Microsoft Visual Studio: it makes it easier to do certain routine tasks such as creating new classes, defining message handlers, overriding MFC virtual functio…
clang-cl a new compiler from the LLVM project that attempts to be a drop-in replacement for MSVC's cl.exe
ckoperation null
asp.net-web-api-filters null
assembly-attributes null
assemblybuilder .NET framework container for building an assembly from one or more virtual paths within an ASP.NET project.
android-sparsearray Android-specific data structure that maps integers to Objects
androidstudio-settings null
android-studio-2.0-beta5 null
coffeelint a style checker that helps keep CoffeeScript code clean and consistent.
codiqa a tool for rapidly building prototypes for mobile apps in HTML5, using jQuery Mobile.
snpe null
express-cassandra a NodeJS ORM / ODM for Cassandra, written in Javascript.
extended-choice-parameter The extended choice parameter Jenkins plugin adds extended functionality to Choice parameter.
express-mapper lightweight and easy to use .Net mapper to map one type of object to another.
external-annotations null
snap-package a software packaging format for Linux-based operating systems
snap-to-grid null
sneakers null
mochijson2 null
mobilefirst-runtime null
slashdb SlashDB automatically generates REST APIs to databases and other data stores
tipc Transparent Inter-process Communication is a network communications protocol for Inter-process communication that was designed for intra-cluster communication.
tinyeditor both lightweight and standalone.
tinterfacedobject a base for simple classes implementating basic IInterface
timtowtdi More Than One Way To Do It.
timing-diagram null
androidjunitrunner null
mod-archive-odbc an Ejabberd module that helps developers store/archive messages
mod-access Apache module which provides access control based on client hostname, IP address, or other characteristics of the client request.
node-pg-pool https://github.com/brianc/node-pg-pool A connection pool for node-postgres node.js
node-repl The REPL provides a way to interactively run JavaScript and see the results
pivot4j Pivot4J provides a common Java API for OLAP servers which can be used to build an analytical service frontend with pivot style GUI.
pivotal-crm A CRM platform produced by Aptean, based on .NET.
play-clj Clojure based game library play-clj.
play-bootstrap null
playback-rate null
pixelmed A Java library for DICOM
node-imap null
castle-dictionaryadapter null
ometa an object oriented language for pattern matching, which tries to provide convenient way for programmers to create parsers and compilers.
omml Office math markup language
apache-tajo a robust big data relational and distributed data warehouse system for Apache Hadoop.
apdex null
console-scraping null
const-string null
ssds a cloud-based service from Microsoft offering data-storage capabilities.
ssrf a vulnerability that appears when an attacker has the ability to create requests from the vulnerable server.
xsuperobject a new JSON library replacing the original SuperObject library
easytrieve a programming language tailored to generating reports.
echo2 an open-source framework for developing rich web applications using Java.
eclipse-3.2 For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.2
apache-spark-1.5.2 Use for questions specific to Apache Spark 1.5.2
preprocessor-meta-program writing programs that generate programs
prettytensor null
previous-installation null
hyprlinkr a small and very focused helper library for the ASP.NET Web API
hyperterm for questions for HyperTerm – modern terminal application, written with HTML and CSS technologies
iauthorizationfilter null
ias About the IAS machine.
hypernym null
hyperscript null
mozmill a project of the Mozilla Development Network
stackexchange.exceptional the name of the error handler used by the Stack Exchange network
stack-allocation It's a way to allocate memory in the computer
webkit-sharp A C#/CLI library that contains bindings to WebKit/Gtk+
webmin-module-development null
weblogic-integration null
web-safe-fonts null
bqplot null
adduplex a cross-promotion network specifically targeted at Windows Phone and Windows Store apps and games
security-context-token SOAP message senders can use security context tokens to sign and/or encrypt a series of SOAP messages, known as a conversation, between a SOAP message sender and the target Web service.
securityswitch Security Switch enables various ASP.NET applications to automatically switch requests for pages/resources between the HTTP and HTTPS protocols without the need to write absolute URLs in HTML markup.
secretary A client-side router for ClojureScript.
form-verification null
numpy-slicing null
sco-unix null
number-manipulation null
null-string null
rubyinstaller a self-contained Windows-based installer that includes the Ruby language, an execution environment, important documentation, and more.
rubydl null
nuget-update null
ruby-csv with questions related to Ruby's CSV class
rtrt a cross-platform solution for component testing and runtime analysis
scriptgenerate null
scriptignore The attribute allows a field to be skipped by definition during the serialization process of JavaScriptSerializer.
graph-reduction null
gree a Japanese social networking service that focuses primarily on mobile games.
flask-whooshee Customizable Flask - SQLAlchemy - Whoosh integration flask-whooshee provides more advanced Whoosh integration into Flask
flashwindowex null
flex-skins null
flexmock flexmock refers to either a Ruby or Python testing library.
flex-monkey a free Adobe AIR application used for testing Flex and AIR based applications
fleetboard should be used for all questions regarding Fleetboard APIs, plugins or libraries
kibana-6 null
kmip Key Management Interoperability Protocol is an OASIS defined binary communication protocol for communicating between enterprise key management systems and encryption systems
magic-unipaas a 4th generation programming language designed for quickly creating form and event based applications, with a primarily business focus.
id3dxmesh An interface, built into the D3dx9 library, capable of manipulating mesh objects.
idynamicobject null
iec10967 ISO/IEC 10967, Language independent arithmetic , is a series of standards on computer arithmetic
ieditablecollectionview null
idocscript null
keystore-access null
jquery-collision JQuery extension to return the collisions between two selectors
jquery-barcode A jQuery plugin that allows barcode generation.
jquery-dotdotdot jquery-dotdotdot refers explicitly to the jQuery.dotdotdot plugin
java-ee-8 for questions relating specifically to Java Enterprise Edition 8.
javascript-build null
javarosa an open-source platform for data collection on mobile devices
uniplate library for writing simple and concise generic operations.
unique-array unique multidimensional array
unladen-swallow A disconstinued project for a faster CPython virtual machine.
unjar A synonym for the Ant unzip task
universal-crt null
unity-application-block a lightweight, extensible dependency injection container for .NET with support for interception.
unity3d-cloud-build null
nsclipview In Cocoa, an NSClipView contains and scrolls the document view displayed by an NSScrollView
npm-debug A Node.js debugging utility.
nrql query language similar to SQL that you use to make calls against the New Relic Insights Events database.
nsattributedescription Under Cocoa Core Data, the `NSAttributeDescription` class is used to describe attributes of an entity described by an instance of `NSEntityDescription`.
vs-devserver null
automic null
automl to make machine learning more accessible by automatically generating a data analysis pipeline that can include data pre-processing, feature selection, and featur…
dbmigrator null
ctframe null
ctlineref null
cua null
cube-script the script written in mdx used by analysis services when processing the `olap` cube.
dns-get-record dns_get_record
sbt-revolver a plugin for SBT enabling a super-fast development turnaround for your Scala applications.
scala-arm a library for Automatic Resource Management
scalacl ScalaCL lets programmers run Scala code on GPUs in a very natural way
docker-notary null
savemany null
sbaz Package sharing tool for the Scala
sbt-android An SBT plugin for Android development in Scala
imageareaselect a jQuery plugin for selecting a rectangular area of an image
gifsicle null
ghosts-in-the-machine null
bbc-glow a JavaScript library which aims to make working with JavaScript and the DOM easier
beaver a LALR parser generator
anytree null
antcall Apache Ant task that calls another target within the same buildfile.
gxp a templating system used to generate XML/SGML markup .
habanero an open-source enterprise application development framework for .NET, released under the GNU LGPL 3.
gwt-eventservice a remote event listening for GWT
openstack-api null
filenet-image-services null
haiku a free and open source operating system that is mostly binary- and source-compatible with BeOS
tsql-parser null
tubepress an open source PHP library that displays YouTube, Vimeo, and BlipTV videos and galleries on a personal blog
tuple-packing null
tuplizer A tuplizer defines the contract for things which know how to manage a particular representation of a piece of data, given that representation's EntityMode
thread-specific-storage null
wcf-rest-contrib null
web.api null
wcf-library null
wcf-lob-adapter for questions related to the WCF LOB Adapter, a framework for developing reusable, metadata-rich adapters.
hibernate-mode null
umalquracalendar a calculated lunar calendar that was created by Saudi Arabia
high-speed-computing null
mongoose-middleware null
objectgears a system for rapid application development providing advanced functions like object structure design, workflow, notifications, audit trail, organization structures, filters, various …
object-inspector null
objective-c-framework null
opennetcf.ioc null
sxssf null
swrlapi Questions about the SWRL Rule Engine API , which is a component for creating and manipulating SWRL rules.
switchcontrol Switch Control provides switch access to mobility impaired users, built into Apple's Mac OS X and iOS operating systems
zenhub An agile project management tool built as a browser extension for GitHub.
array-address null
array-population null
zscaler a global cloud-based information security company that provides Internet security, web security, next generation firewalls, sandboxing, SSL inspection, antivirus, vulnerability management a…
zopfli Related to making use of the zopfli compression algorithm, for example to save bandwidth or storage space when distributing rarely-changing files.
zipzap null
pysandbox a Python sandbox
pytest-html null
decorator-chaining null
nssocketport null
nstableheadercell used by an NSTableHeaderView instance to draw the content of the column headers.
nsopengl null
argument-validation null
drupal-input-format an ordered collection of filters
drupal-file-api an abstractions layer for file access in drupal modules.
xiki a shell console for MacOS and Linux which incorporates GUI features.
xmlconfigurator null
stream-framework a python library which allows you to build activity streams & newsfeeds using Cassandra and/or Redis.
streambase StreamBase provides solutions for real-time analytics
strict-transport-security null
boost-exception null
boost-extension null
boost-ref a small library that is useful for passing references to function templates that would usually take copies of their arguments
tactic a dynamic, open-source, web-based platform by Southpaw Technology used for building enterprise solutions
tabpy null
chromelogger a Google Chrome extension for debugging server side applications in the Chrome console.
chef-provisioning null
chickenfoot a Firefox extension which provides an end-user API for editing web pages.
cheshire fast JSON encoding, based off of clj-json and clojure-json, with additional features like Date/UUID/Set/Symbol encoding and SMILE support.
react-ga null
worklight-rpe Worklight's Rich Page Editor allows to easily edit HTML files, add Dojo widgets to HTML pages, and create and edit web pages for mobile devices.
react-bootstrap-typeahead Typeahead component built with React that uses Bootstrap as a base for styles and behaviors.
pyramid-debug-toolbar pyramid_debugtoolbar provides a debug toolbar useful while you’re developing a Pyramid application.
wpk null
wpflocalizationextension WPF markup extension to read standard .NET resources into XAML.
wpf-graphics null
wp-calypso the new WordPress.com front-end – a redesign of the WordPress dashboard using a single-page web application, powered by the WordPress.com REST API.
wraps null
jqxtreegrid a lightweight jQuery widget which represents data in a tree-like structure.
rbindlist null
rcrawler R package that performs parallel web crawling and web scraping
jquery-ui-slider-pips a plugin that improves the UI of jQuery UI slider widget.
tagx null
tamper-data a Firefox addon used to view and modify HTTP/HTTPS headers and post parameters.
taptic-engine a linear actuator inside Apple Watch that produces haptic feedback
rustup A toolchain installer for Rust
rxiosble Recommended tag to help direct questions related to RxBluetoothKit.
rx-javafx RxJava bindings for JavaFX
phalconeye An open-source CMS created using Phalcon PHP framework.
pgi-visual-fortran PGI's Fortran extension to Visual Studio.
or-mapper a programming technique for converting data between incompatible type systems in object-oriented programming languages.
action-interface The `Action` interface provides a useful extension to the `ActionListener` interface in cases where the same functionality may be accessed by several controls.
appli-tools Applitools and/or visual testing related topics
app-signing null
goslate Goslate provides a free Python API to Google's translation service by querying the Google Translate website.
maude-system a rewriting system based on rewriting logic.
matio A C library for reading and writing Matlab MAT files.
font-lock-mode null
maven-jibx null
angularjs-fileupload null
persistence-provider null
fn should be related to the Fn project - https://github.com/fnproject/fn
jms-queue A distribution mechanism for sending messages that are delivered to single consumer.
restclientbuilder null
rethinkdbdash null
jkey should be used if the question is about the jKey plugin and is not generally a question about key combination recognition in JavaScript.
google-ajax null
goinstant-platform null
go-flag A Go package to implement command-line flag parsing.
urlspan null
urlsplit null
gpuarray null
senna.js to be used in questions about Senna.js, the Single Page Application engine.
sens System Event Notification Service
typescript-declarations null
type-stability a function whose concrete return type depends only on the types, and not the values, of its inputs
type-switch Unique GoLang Construct: switch t := aInterface
pecl-oauth PECL extension for OAuth 1.0
peddler null
map-edit null
pel a library that will read and write the Exif metadata headers found in JPEG and TIFF images.
mapping-resources null
android-appwidget-list custom views that can be placed on the home screen of an Android device that are in the form of collections such as ListView, GridView, StackView, and AdapterViewFl…
android-app-ops a hidden feature introduced in Android 4.3
android-bootstrap-widgets an Android library which provides custom views styled according to the Twitter Bootstrap Specification
redbird a reverse proxy for Node.js with support for virtual hosts and multiple SSL certificates.
redgreen null
redismqserver null
redis-objects Redis::Objects - Ruby Gem that maps Redis types directly to Ruby objects
recursive-databinding null
vim-syntastic null
audiosessionservices null
pannellum null
session-replay null
iphone-ar-toolkit null
log-forging null
login-config.xml null
hot-rod null
redpin null
horizontaloffset null
hping a command-line oriented TCP/IP packet assembler/analyzer.
htdigest null
hs-err null
window-scroll null
windows-embedded-8.1 null
fat-client A fat client is a computer in client–server architecture or networks that typically provides rich functionality independent of the central server
fastlane-gym null
attributeusage null
atscript AtScript was planned to be a superset of TypeScript
nginx-status null
intellij-eap null
intelinde a beta cross-platform productivity suite built with today's developer in mind that provides developers with tools, support, integration and updates to create high-performance C++/Java* …
instant-message null
html-to-jpeg null
pushbackinputstream null
http-daemon the a Perl module used to write HTTP servers.
httphandlerfactory null
treefield null
pulpcore null
public-suffix-list an initiative of Mozilla to register domain name suffixes.
rails-4-upgrade trying to upgrade an existing Ruby on Rails Application to the more recent version, like 4.0 and up.
rake-pipeline a extension for rake for packaging files for web deployment.
raml-java-parser RAML java parser compatible with version 0.8 of the RAML specification
testdoublejs null
qbuttongroup a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a container to organize groups of button widgets.
qcl For questions about the Quantum Computing Language used in quantum programming.
couchbase-ottoman null
python-winshell a light wrapper around the Windows shell functionality
capture-list null
subcontroller null
stylebundle Represents a bundle that does CSS minification.
stylecop-plus StyleCop analyzes C# source code to enforce a set of style and consistency rules
styleframe a Python library that wraps pandas and openpyxl and makes outputting styled dataframes to Excel easy.
struts2-jfreechart-plugin The Struts2 JFreeChart plugin allows to create charts in actions and easily return generated charts and graphs.
structuremap-automocking a time-saving feature of StructureMap that allows you to easily instantiate the Class Under Test by automatically resolving the constructor dependencies of the class with Mocked out ins…
caml-light a lightweight, portable implementation of the Caml language
cancelio null
pythran a Python-subset-to-C++-transcompiler, geared towards speeding up scientific programs by using available processor-level parallelism.
countly-analytics Open source real-time mobile analytics platform for iOS, watchOS, Android and Windows Phone
pyvenv a tool that allows users to create a python virtual environment to isolate project dependencies
pyxml null
core-ui null
qdbusxml2cpp a tool that can be used to parse interface descriptions and produce static code representing those interfaces, which can then be used to make calls to remote objects or im…
qdox a high speed, small footprint parser for extracting class/interface/method definitions from source files complete with JavaDoc @tags
qabstractsocket The QAbstractSocket class provides the base functionality common to all socket types.
translation-scheme null
qfont null
testcaseattribute Starting with 2.5.x, TestCaseAttributes can be used to create parametrized tests in NUnit.
http-monitor null
httphostconnectexception null
rails-ujs null
treepath TreePath represents an array of objects that uniquely identify the path to a node in a tree
httpcookiecollection null
pv3d null
pusherswift null
fb2 an open XML-based e-book format, which originated and gained popularity in Russia
instantobjects an opensource for Delphi.
ngrx-entity Entity State adapter for managing record collections with ngrx
atmel-uc3 null
atom a constant whose name is its own value
windowsphotogallery null
fastformat null
windows-mobile-emulator null
hpcc-ecl null
hp-haven a Big Data platform by Hewlett-Packard, available on-premise or in the cloud
hp-idol-ondemand a platform for building cognitive computing solutions and data rich applications using text analysis, speech recognition, image analysis, indexing and search APIs
horn null
redmi-permission null
hotjar for problems related with hotjar integration.
hostable-web-core null
hotcocoa HotCocoa simplifies the process of creating and configuring Cocoa objects when building native Mac apps in Ruby.
logical-and a binary operator which yields 1 if both of its operands compare unequal to 0; otherwise, it yields 0.
logary a logging framework for .Net
logo-testing null
firebase-assistant null
iphone-sdk-2.2.1 Refers to the iPhone software development kit, version 2.2.1
iphone-8 the latest model of iPhone
firefox-8 Version 8 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox-reader-view a feature added to Firefox 38.0.5 which incorporates the readability.js addon plugin into the core Firefox program module
lock-timeout null
pandas-join null
parameterized-class null
pantomime a mail framework that provides a set of Objective-C classes that model the mail system.
vim-tabular null
redirect-after-post null
redditkit a reddit API wrapper
android-binder null
android-assertj A set of AssertJ helpers geared toward testing Android
android-assetmanager null
vim-quickfix null
mapshaper an open source tool and online resource for simplifying maps and boundaries and working with geojson, topojson and other formats.
marching-ants an animation technique that helps the user to distinguish the selection border from the image background by animating the border
maqetta an open source project that provides WYSIWYG visual authoring of HTML5 user interfaces.
markaby A library for writing HTML code in pure Ruby
marimekko-chart a bar chart where all the bars are of equal height, there are no spaces between the bars, and the bars are in turn each divided into segments of different height.
maplist null
peer-wire-protocol null
pe-exports null
pebble-appmessage null
pdksh the public domain clone of the AT&T Bell Labs Korn shell.
pdftoppm pdftoppm stands for Portable Document Format to Portable Pixmap converter
semantic.gs A CSS gid system, with support for LESS, SCSS as well as Stylus
typescript2.6 null
typescript-types null
typepad a blogging service
sentimentr null
sendwithus an API to manage and send templated emails, used primarily for transactional and automated emails
senna a neural network trained software, which outputs a host of Natural Language Processing predictions: part-of-speech tags, chunking , name entity recognition , semantic ro…
sencha-fiddle A web based IDE for Sencha Products to quickly start building apps
urlsessiontask null
usaepay null
urlize null
urlhacks null
gogrid null
gokogiri LibXML bindings for the Go programming language.
googleads-mobile-unity while discussing topics that cover the Official Unity Plugin for the Google Mobile Ads SDK.
gomail gomail provides a simple interface to compose emails and to mail them efficiently in golang.
google-analytics-v3 a free analytics solution provided by Google, featuring several client-side APIs for data collection
google-apps-activity The Apps Activity API lets your app retrieve information about a user's Google Apps activity.
jira-xray a testcase management application which supports integration with JIRA.
jline3 null
j-integra null
jinjava Java-based template engine based on django template syntax, adapted to render jinja templates
restxq an API which provides XQuery 3.0 annotations and functions in order to facilitate the use of XQuery as server-side processing language for web application development.
resulttype null
restitution null
joda-convert null
fog-google null
joe-editor null
angularjs-ng-pluralize directive in module ng in AngularJS
maven-changes-plugin Apache Maven Changes Plugin
maven-descriptor null
folder-security null
fontspec a pack­age for X∃LaTeX and LuaLaTeX
font-rendering null
force-ide null
matrix-vision null
matpower null
matrix-storage null
go-toolchain null
app-shell null
app-shortcut null
actas null
actframework A Java Full Stack MVC Framework that's fun to use, but isn't a toy
active-deploy a service built in IBM Bluemix
orocommerce null
os-dependent null
ose a real-time embedded operating system offered by the Swedish company ENEA AB.
application-monitoring null
application-management null
pglogical a logical replication system implemented entirely as a PostgreSQL extension
pgmpy null
organizational-unit null
persistent-set null
peterblum null
pfinstallation null
rust-piston A modular game engine written in Rust.
tai-time null
rc.exe null
jqui jQui: A Themeable Skin for WebMediaPortal
jruby-win32ole null
react-cookie null
workmanagertaskexecutor null
working-folder null
react-dragula null
chrome-datasaver Chrome for Android can significantly reduce cellular data usage by using proxy servers hosted at Google to optimize website content
tablib Python tabular dataset library
boost-circularbuffer null
boost-move Boost.Move emulates C++0x move semantics in C++03 compilers and allows writing portable code that works optimally in C++03 and C++0x compilers.
boost-jam null
mixed-case For issues with strings containing both lower-case and upper-case characters.
mixcloud null
xmldataset null
drupal-jcarousel the name of a Drupal module that allows to integrate the jQuery plugin jCarousel in Drupal.
armasm the assembler for ARM processors
drpc null
defaultlocation null
nspredicateeditorrow null
deeplearn.js null
zinc a stand-alone launcher for SBT incremental compiler
z-machine a VM commonly used for Text-adventure and Interactive-Fiction games
zset null
erpconnect a library to connect to SAP.
as86 an assembler for the 8086..80386 processors
zero-initialization null
zigzag-encoding ZigZag encoding maps signed integers to unsigned integers so that numbers with a small absolute value have a small varint encoded value too
response.contenttype null
escalante an free, open-source Scala application server, based on the JBoss Application Server 7+.
esdoc Use esdoc for questions related to the ESDoc library, which is used to generate documentation from annotations and comments in ECMAScript
swift-subscript shortcuts for accessing the member elements of a collection, list, or sequence
e-texteditor a text editor for Microsoft Windows
opennmt null
opennn an open source class library written in C++ which implements neural networks.
openscoring null
openorb null
objectiveresource null
mongoose-auto-increment null
mongodb-security MongoDB provides features that allow administrators to implement controls to ensure that users and applications have access to only the data that they require controls and restrictions for any MongoDB…
moment-recur a recurring date plugin for momentjs
moma The Mono Migration Analyzer tool helps identify portability issues for .NET applications under Mono.
mojo-dom Minimalistic HTML/XML DOM parser with CSS selectors
siri-xml Service Interface for Real Time Information CEN/TS 15531
sisc short for Second Interpreter of Scheme Code, in reference to its predecessor LISC, the Lightweight Interpreter of Scheme Code
moengage a User Engagement & App Analytics platform helping mobile marketers engage users smartly through personalized interactions
hid-device null
highlighter.net null
jdk-internal-api null
webbynode null
uitoolbarposition null
uitextinputtraits The UITextInputTraits protocol defines features that are associated with keyboard input
threat-model null
jblas Should relate to the jblas library
jbloomberg a high-level API that wraps the low-level Bloomberg API.
turbolinks-android a native adapter for any Turbolinks 5 enabled web app
tsql-sequence null
ttreenodes null
tsclust An R package to provide functions to conduct time series clustering
tsickle null
half-close null
fileprovider-extension null
filereferencelist null
filehash The filehash package implements a simple key-value style database where character string keys are associated with data values that are stored on the disk
openstack-python-api null
openstacksdk a client library for for building applications to work with OpenStack clouds using Python
h.263 a video compression standard originally designed as a low-bitrate compressed format for videoconferencing.
ansible-1.x null
livescribe null
llvm-fs a set of bindings to the LLVM C API for F#
bean-manager Allows a portable extension to interact directly with the container
befunge a stack-based, reflective, esoteric programming language
minor-upgrade null
missingmethod null
bbc-micro The BBC Microcomputer System, or BBC Micro, was a series of microcomputers and associated peripherals designed and built by the Acorn Computer company for the BBC Computer Literacy Project, operated b…
bbdb BBDB: The Insidious Big Brother Database
bats-core a TAP-compliant testing framework for BASH
bayesglm Bayesglm Bayesian functions are for generalized linear modeling with independent normal, t, or Cauchy prior distribution for the coefficients.
bc4j an Oracle framework.
bcache a Linux kernel block layer cache
bcpl BCPL is a procedural, imperative, and structured computer programming language designed by Martin Richards of the University of Cambridge in 1966.
batch-delete null
giflib a package of portable tools and library routines for working with GIF images.
image-events null
git-assume-unchanged null
requestreduce null
representable null
reqif a Requirements Interchange format standardized by the Object Management group
replaygain a proposed standard published by David Robinson in 2001 to measure the perceived loudness of audio in computer audio formats such as MP3 and Ogg Vorbis."
scala-logging null
scada-ignition null
sbv a SMT Based Verification in Haskell
cubemx null
facial-identification null
facebook-scribe a server for aggregating log data streamed in real time from a large number of servers.
facebook-winjs-sdk a fork of facebook-node-sdk designed to work in both WinJS applications and NodeJS.
culerity null
cujojs an architectural toolkit for building highly modular, maintainable web applications that are easy to test and refactor, with zero framework lock-in.
dbsetup a free, open-source Java API that helps you setup your database data to execute DAO/Repository unit tests.
dbslayer null
db-structure null
autoexposurecompensation null
dbd-mysql null
db2-express-c null
db2-9.7 null
automationpeer null
autopoco .Net library that creates sample objects populated with test data.
vsdb an experimental database based on atomic updates of constant databases
vrvideoview null
nsappleeventdescriptor Questions related to NSAppleEventDescriptor: the basic building block for Apple events.
nsbatchdeleterequest null
nsbatchupdaterequest null
npm-version null
npr rendering techniques that do not attempt to mimic reality
system.version null
systemdynamics null
system-dependent null
unmappedresourcehandler null
universal-provider null
universal-volume-control null
universalxpconnect null
unique-lock null
java-runtime-compiler null
java-flow null
javascript.net Questions related to the library JavaScript.Net, which provides v8 to .Net programs.
javascript-1.7 a language update introducing several new features, in particular generators, iterators, array comprehensions, let expressions, and destructuring assignment
java-console null
java-audio null
jquery.support A collection of properties that represent the presence of different browser features or bugs
google-health a health record service provided by Google
springrunner null
spring-security4 Spring Security version 4
spring-integration-mqtt null
idsrv Also known as the `Identity Server`
multi-value-dictionary A wrapper around the Dictionary that returns two values instead of one.
idangero null
mailnotifier null
main-memory-database null
kite-sdk a high-level data layer for Hadoop
knights-landing null
uiappfonts an Info.plist key used by an iOS app to specify custom font files included in the bundle.
kill-ring a list of blocks of text that were previously killed.
kha Ultra-portable, high performance, open source multimedia framework
kiokudb null
flexible-type null
flask-graphql Items related to the package flask-graphql at https://github.com/graphql-python/flask-graphql
grib-api an API accessible from C, FORTRAN and Python programs developed for encoding and decoding GRIB data
scriptedmain null
graphicex a free Delphi library to load various image formats , including some rather seldomly used types like sgi, cut, rla, pcd and others.
scriptdata null
rtl-language a kind of intermediate representation that is very close to assembly language
rterm null
rubycas-client null
number-crunching null
number-recognition null
number-literal null
scoutstyleeditor a map style customization tool for the Scout Developer Platform
scrapy-middleware null
scope-creep null
sede a web tool for sharing, querying, and analyzing the Creative Commons data from every website in the Stack Exchange network.
security.framework an OS X and iOS framework for controlling various cryptographic services, primarily centered around key management.
admanager null
foundation-icon-fonts null
foundationkit The Foundation Kit, or just Foundation for short, is an Objective-C framework in the OpenStep specification
bpelxexec null
bread-board a dependency-injection library for Perl.
bravado null
brfs a plugin for browserify allowing to parse the AST for fs.readFileSync calls in order to inline file contents into bundles.
websense null
webloadui a free desktop tool for performance, stress, scalability and load testing of web servers and services.
mosml an open source compiler for the Standard ML programming language.
mp4a null
sqlite-browser null
hxdatatableex null
hwui The HWUI library enables UI components to be accelerated using the GPU
hxtt null
ibis an open-source data analysis framework from Cloudera with the goal of enabling advanced data analysis on a 100% Python stack with full-fidelity data
hypertrack null
rsqlserver an R package to connect to MS SQL server.
presenter-first null
eclipse-collections Questions related to .
easyquery EasyQuery, an Ad-hoc visual query designer for web-sites
easyhtmlreport null
easy-engine null
xsql null
xsoup a version of Jsoup with XPath support.
xsengine null
muparser an extensible high performance math expression parser library written in C++
ssms-17 specifically for questions related to Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio 2017.
constraint-handling-rules null
conque a Vim plugin which allows you to run interactive programs, such as bash on linux or powershell.exe on Windows, inside a Vim buffer
aphrodite null
omnios A Just Enough Operating System, the smallest possible subset of Illumos , which is usable as a self-hosted operating system, needing no external tools to build itself from source…
office-js-helpers A collection of helpers to simplify development of Office Add-ins & Microsoft Teams Tabs
castle-autotx Castle Windsor's Auto Transaction Facility
node-ipc null
nodeload a collection of independent node.js modules for load testing HTTP services.
cctalk null
ccrotateby null
pixiedust an open source Python helper library that works as an add-on to Jupyter notebooks to improve the user experience of working with data
placeholder-control In ASP.NET, placeholder controls enable the user to place an empty container in the page, and dynamically add child elements at runtime.
playcanvas an HTML5, JavaScript, WebGL game engine
plaxo null
node-speaker null
node-webkit-agent null
node-vm2 a Node.js sandbox that can run untrusted code with whitelisted Node's built-in modules.
modeless-dialog either modal or modeless
timestamp-analysis null
tinypg a small simple LL recursive descent parser generator that generates C# or VB code from a simple grammer
tinyproxy null
tippyjs Refers to the javascript tooltips library tippy.js
tishadow null
titanium-web-proxy null
titleareadialog A dialog that has a title area for displaying a title and an image as well as a common area for displaying a description, a message, or an error message.
slapper.automapper Slapper.AutoMapper is a mapping library that can convert dynamic data into static types and populate complex nested child objects
slate.js a completely customizable Javascript framework for building rich text editors
grunt-istanbul A JavaScript code coverage tool for Grunt
slickupload an ASP.NET and ASP.NET MVC file upload component with a rich AJAX progress display, fully templatable and stylable control, integrated validation, and handles up to 4GB uploads.
mobile-fu Mobile-Fu allows you to automatically detect mobile requests from mobile devices in your Rails application.
mocha-web-velocity null
mobx-utils null
mobirise a HTML website builder used for creating responsive fluid designs for browsers and devices
gsubfn An R library enabling regex-based string replacement that allows a function as a replacement argument
grunt-string-replace null
snimpy Refer to the Python : interactive SNMP tool with Python
smtpexception null
soa-governance a concept used for activities related to exercising control over services in service-oriented architecture solutions
cognos-determinants null
android-studio-2.4 null
android-swipe null
phpstorm-10 The successor to PhpStorm 9
classy-prelude An alternative Haskell prelude based on Typeclasses
toolrunner org.apache.hadoop.util.ToolRunner
toolpart null
topbeat null
toothpick-di a scope tree based Dependency Injection library for Java with a special focus on Android
topic-maps a standard for the representation and interchange of knowledge, with an emphasis on the findability of information
injective-function null
injectableprovider null
php-packages null
phpscheduleit a web-based resource scheduling system that allows administered management of reservations on any number of resources.
geometry-path null
geolitecity IP geolocation databases
tornado-redis Asynchronous Redis client for the Tornado Web Server
geocouch a spatial extension for Apache CouchDB and Couchbase.
geneva-server the offical name for Geneva server
compressed-folder null
abiword an open source word processor application.
8thwall-xr 8th Wall XR enables any developer to quickly and easily build Augmented Reality apps that run on any Android or iOS device.
a2x null
dustc a command line tool to compile dust templates.
durable-services null
absolute-db embedded single file Delphi database with SQL support.
abstract-machine A model of a computer system constructed to allow a detailed and precise analysis of how the computer system works
dynacache a small C# library that allows you to automatically cache the output from standard .NET functions.
dynamic-chart-series null
visual-d Visual D aims at providing seamless integration of the D programming language into Visual Studio.
visual-studio-2002 null
gliffy a web-based diagram editor
libcouchbase The C client library for Couchbase.
libgcj null
meebo null
measurementformatter null
mediaprojectionmanager null
binders null
bindable-linq a set of extensions to LINQ that add data binding and change propagation capabilities to standard LINQ queries.
bioservices A Python package to access biological web services programmatically .
signals2 an implementation of a managed signals and slots system.
aws-cloud-config null
aws-regions provided in different named geographic locations called
dotras null
sightcall a WebRTC platform-as-a-service company.
sigasi-studio an Eclipse based standalone editor and Eclipse Plugin, which add support for various hardware description languages like Verilog or VHDL.
domoticz a light-weight home automation system that communicates with various hardware and has a browser-based user interface.
splitbrain null
splice-machine null
doobie a pure functional JDBC layer for Scala and Cats.
doppl Questions about the Doppl tool for converting Android code to equivalent iOS code.
dotjs A Chrome extension that executes JavaScript files, based on their filename
mysql-error-1091 null
mysql-error-1040 ERROR 1040: Too many connections
nativecss a free framework to make mobile app styling/theming easier with CSS.
ncover-explorer null
inamingcontainer null
wispr a draft protocol that allows users to roam between wireless internet service providers.
indirect-objects null
index-signature null
wmain null
wli a comprehensive and flexible java-based solution that allows integrating systems, data and people within and across companies to make the most of existing assets w…
wm-touch Message used for Windows Touch .
sp-help-operator null
sphere.io SPHERE.IO was the former name of the commercetools eCommerce platform
sphinx-apidoc null
fixheadertable A client-side jQuery plugin to transform your HTML table
fiware-knowage the open source business analytics suite that combines traditional data and big data sources into valuable and meaningful information
five9 a provider of cloud contact center software.
find-grep null
flashlog null
finddialog null
finder-extension In OS X, the Finder Sync extension point lets you cleanly and safely modify the Finder’s user interface to express file synchronization status and control
filewalker null
file-traversal null
field-with-errors null
facebook-analytics-push null
fallocate null
ff4j A library for Java that implements the Feature Toggle pattern
fedora-core null
fam-proposal an overhaul of the Haskell type-class hierarchy, which was implemented in GHC 7.10, and according to which Monad became a subclass of Applicative
gac-msil Global Assembly Cache of Microsoft Intermediate Language format dlls
gcloud-ruby null
fringe a tiny margin to the left and right edges of a window on a graphical display.
frontbase a cross-platform SQL database with conformance to many international and de facto standards.
fusion-log-viewer null
formotion null
freebcp a utility program distributed with FreeTDS.
elm-mdl null
elasticutils a Python library that gives you a chainable search API for Elasticsearch as well as some other tools to make it easier to integrate Elasticsearch into your application.
elastic-shield a plugin for Elasticsearch that enables you to easily secure a cluster.
editorfortemplate null
ecomdev-phpunit null
drf-haystack null
duplicati a backup client that securely stores encrypted, incremental, compressed backups on cloud storage services and remote file servers.
dtml null
duckduckgo is for programming questions about the DuckDuckGo search engine
exfat a Microsoft file system optimized for flash memory such as USB flash drives and SD cards.
event-routing null
event-validation null
event-gateway null
eval-when null
eyeql Atlassian FishEye query language
ember-observable null
emmeans null
emeditor a fast, lightweight, yet extensible, easy-to-use text editor for Windows.
em-websocket-client null
energysmart null
endevor From wikipedia: Endevor is a source code management and release management tool for mainframe computers running z/OS
endpointnotfoundexception An exception thrown when a remote endpoint could not be found or reached
eoserror null
envify null
graphical-language null
grant-oauth OAuth middleware for Express, Koa and Hapi web frameworks for NodeJS.
gradle-ssh-plugin null
graalvm a just-in-time compiler for the JVM focused on peak performance and multi-language support
google-sitelink-searchbox Google Search can expose a search box scoped to your website when it appears as a search result
gulp-html-replace Replace build blocks in HTML
hangfire.ninject Hangfire background job activator based on Ninject IoC Container
happy.js A lightweight extendable form validation plugin for jQuery and Zepto.js.
gupnp an elegant, object-oriented open source framework for creating UPnP devices and control points, written in C using GObject and libsoup
gwr null
hanami-model a persistence framework for Hanami.
google-cloud-save a service that enables per-user data storage.
google-maps-engine-lite null
google-data-protocol null
gmetad The gmetad web frontend allows you to browse the data collected by the gmetad backend to immediately see the state of multiple clusters.
gmavenplus a rewrite of GMaven, which integrates Groovy into the Maven build process
gnu-indent For questions about GNU indent, a program designed to format C code.
gestureoverlayview null
getaddrinfo-a In the Windows API, the getaddrinfo function provides protocol-independent translation from an ANSI host name to an address.
general-log a general record of what mysqld is doing.
geoviews null
git-completion Git completion provides support for auto completing git commands.
git-revision Many Git commands take revision parameters as arguments
infor-eam Infor Enterprise Asset Management software
interactive-session null
instance-initializers null
iformattable null
ignore-files null
if-this-then-that null
iconitemrenderer null
icomparablet null
icehouse the ninth release of the open source software for building public, private, and hybrid clouds.
ic-ajax An Ember.Js-fiendly AJAX wrapper
ibm-soliddb In-memory, relational database software for extreme speed
img-area-select-jquery a jQuery plugin that lets the user select a rectangular area of an image using a simple and intuitive click-and-drag interface
iminuit Interactive IPython Friendly Mimizer based on SEAL Minuit
imlib2 null
image-whitening null
igtree a jQuery tree view control in the Ignite UI toolbox provided by Infragistics.
iis-advanced-logging null
ikscannerdeviceview null
ikimagebrowsercell null
ikiwiki a free, open source wiki compiler
heap-pollution Heap pollution simply implies that you have in the water.
heapy null
heroku-connect null
hi-tech-c null
hglib Also known as python-hglib
html-formfu null
htmldatatable null
htmlbridge In Microsoft Silverlight, the HTML Bridge is an integrated set of types and methods.
html-target refers to the target attribute in HTML
html2ps null
html5-import null
ibm-ilog-opl null
mx4j a project to build an Open Source implementation of the Java Management Extensions and of the JMX Remote API specifications, and to build tools relating to JMX.
n97 null
nag-fortran should be used for questions related to the Fortran products from NAG: the Fortran compiler ; the debugger; NAG Fortran builder; and the mathematical and statistical library
mvvmfx an open-source framework to implement JavaFX applications following the MVVM pattern.
mutablecapabilities a Class from org.openqa.selenium The Implemented Interfaces are : java.io.Serializable and Capabilities The Direct Known Subclasses are : ChromeOptions, DesiredCapabiliti…
mutablemap null
neo4j-ha Neo4j High Availability
neo4j-traversal-api null
newenvironment null
new-item null
newspeak a highly dynamic and reflective language influenced by Smalltalk, Self, BETA, and others
nipy The project interface for fsl, spm and others more
nested-gridview null
nt4 is used for the no longer supported Windows NT 4.0 version of the Microsoft Windows 32 bit operating system
nstokenfieldcell null
nvblas a GPU-accelerated Libary that implements BLAS .
n-way-merge null
nvrtc null
objectbuilder Microsoft's first .NET dependency injection framework
nosuchproviderexception thrown when a particular security provider is requested but is not available in the environment.
nsfileversion An NSFileVersion object represents a snapshot of a file at a specific point in time
nshield a range of hardware security modules produced by Thales e-Security .
nsform a vertical matrix of NSFormCell objects to implement the fields.
node.js-pg free non-blocking PostgreSQL client for node.js
non-lazy-ptr null
node-dirty For questions related to Node Dirty which is a tiny & fast key value store with append-only disk log.
nod32 ESET NOD32 Antivirus, known also as NOD32, is an antivirus software made by ESET .
nmbrs a developer's interface to interact with the online Nmbrs payroll system.
nls-comp In Oracle RDBMS, NLS_COMP specifies the collation behavior of the database session.
nlp-compromise questions about using the compromise nlp library
morte A minimalist implementation of the Calculus of Constructions
moreunit an Eclipse plugin that should assist you in writing more unit tests.
moosefs MooseFS: a distributed file system
mkpolygonrenderer null
milter Sendmail's 3rd Party content management API
modesetting null
modern-runtime null
modification-form null
module-management null
maven-remote-resources null
maven-scr-plugin null
mathematical-notation null
mbsync mbsync - synchronize IMAP4 and Maildir mailboxes
maxthon a web browser that supports the Trident and WebKit rendering engines.
managed-jscript null
management-pack SCOM management packs
mammoth null
microsoft-webdriver null
mido a Python library for working with MIDI messages and ports
meteor-cucumber null
meteor-plugin null
megaupload FOR QUESTIONS ABOUT THE MEGA API! megaupload.com was a file hosting service running bewteen 2005 and 2012, until it was famously shutdown by the United States Department of Justic…
md2 a model format used by id Software's id Tech 2 engine and is thus used by Quake II as well as many other games.
memoryimagesource null
memprof null
jsonplugin null
judy-array a data structure that has high performance, low memory usage and implements an associative array
junitperf a collection of JUnit test decorators used to measure the performance and scalability of functionality contained within existing JUnit tests.
jul-to-slf4j Module including a java.util.logging handler, to route all incoming records to the SLF4j API.
jusb This project provides a Free Software Java API for USB, supporting applications using Java host-side software to drive USB devices.
jquery-pagescroller a jQuery plugin that lets you know where you are on a page while providing a simple smooth scroll navigation.
json2xls null
js-fancyproductdesigner A JavaScript/HTML5 plugin who allow to potential customers to design their product
jsfeat a JavaScript Computer Vision library.
jsfml a Simple and Fast Multimedia Library
jflow null
jformer null
jetstrap The Bootstrap Interface Builder
jgiven a developer-friendly and pragmatic BDD tool for Java
jomres An online booking system and reservation software for Joomla and Wordpress.
joomla-dbo The database object for Joomla
jplaton an integrated design, development and runtime environment for Open, Distributed and Enterprise Applications.
josql JoSQL provides the ability to apply SQL-like queries to collections of Java Objects.
ios9.3.2 iOS 9.3.2 was released on May 16, 2016; the update restored the ability to use Night Shift and Low Power Mode simultaneously, fixed a Bluetooth issue for iPhone SE, fixed various bugs, and improved sp…
ios-9-beta5 null
iruby null
isobuild null
isrequired null
ios11.1.1 null
ionic-auth-service null
ionic-serve null
istatelesssession null
jaeger Jaeger, inspired by Dapper and OpenZipkin, is a distributed tracing system released as open source by Uber Technologies
jamjs a package manager for JavaScript
jansson questions about the Jansson JSON library
jarduino A Java API which gives access to the functions of the Arduino board.
jarsplice a tool which creates a single executable fat jar via an easy to use GUI with options for creating native launchers, and adding and extracting native files.
javascript-oscillator null
javascriptservices null
jeasyopc null
jaxm null
long-parameter-list null
logstash-input-jdbc an input plugin for Logstash
lowpro null
mach-ii a powerful, object-oriented, MVC framework
m3g The Mobile 3D Graphics API, commonly referred to as M3G, is a specification defining an API for writing Java programs that produce 3D computer graphics.
lzh null
makekeyandordertofront null
malt-parser null
localsolr null
localdatacache null
lifty null
linkpoint a commercial provider of payment processing software.
lifted-operators operators which work over nullable types by the operators which already exist on the non-nullable form.
lintr null
kenlm a fast and low-memory language modeling toolkit that scales to trillions of words.
kevent null
knockout-mvvm a standalone JavaScript implementation of the Model-View-ViewModel pattern with templates.
kotlinx-html A kotlinx.html library provides DSL to build HTML
kotti a high-level, Pythonic web application framework.
kotlin-multiplatform null
laraadmin null
laravel-ioc IoC in Laravel
lesshat a mixin library for the LESS CSS pre-processor.
letterpress a technique of relief printing using a printing press.
cities-skylines-api For questions about code using the Cities: Skylines modding API, and related Colossal Order code.
chumak null
clusterize null
clr-module-initializer A feature of the CLR; a global function named .cctor—sometimes known as an inside static constructor—that is guaranteed to run before any other code in the module runs.
clib null
clint A cross platform python module for bulding command line tools enabling color, indenting, columns, progress bars, implicit argument handling, incoming unix pipes, and configuration files in python comm…
cliext The cliext namespace contains all the types of the STL/CLR library.
chromephp a PHP library for the Chrome Logger Google Chrome extension that allows to log variables to the Chrome console.
chrome-remote-desktop when developing with or using the Chrome Remote Desktop Chrome extension.
chrome-runtime null
chrome-sync Allows for syncing of apps, extensions, settings, themes, auto-fill, bookmarks, omni-box history, passwords, and open tabs in Google Chrome and Chromium browsers between multiple platforms and operati…
cex null
certificate-transparency an experimental IETF open standard and open source framework for monitoring and auditing digital certificates
celery-canvas null
cassandra-stress-tool to ask questions about the cassandra-stress tool included with the DataStax Cassandra distribution.
cnode null
cms-migration null
coco A CoffeeScript dialect that aims to be more radical and practical.
ca65 a powerful macro assembler for the 6502, 65C02 and 65816 CPUs.
polkit null
wevtutil a command line tool that can retrieve information about and manipulate Windows event logs and -publishers.
wescheme a language based on Racket and Scheme that compiles to JavaScript.
whitenoise null
whmcs-invoice-template null
whitespace-language for questions related to Whitespace, the esoteric programming language.
caching-proxy null
cairoplot null
cajo An independent, Java framework for distributed computing.
caffe-on-spark null
email-router for questions related to Dynamics CRM Email router, its problems & configurations.
embedded-jboss null
wifi-protected-setup a way of adding devices to a home network.
wii-balanceboard null
balloons null
benerator a test data generator based on a XML files describing the structure of the test data
bernoulli-numbers a sequence of rational numbers with deep connections to number theory
baseless-merge null
betwixt The Betwixt library provides an XML introspection mechanism for mapping beans to XML in a flexible way.
bespoke.js a JavaScript framework that allows a user to create high quality presentations using HTML and CSS, which can then be viewed using a standard web browser.
bitmapshader null
cartesian-tree a binary tree derived from a sequence of numbers; it can be uniquely defined from the properties that it is heap-ordered and that a symmetric traver…
carrierwave-backgrounder null
carrington null
casing-conventions null
call-recording null
camediatiming null
caliburn.micro.reactiveui null
byte-code-enhancement null
buffer-manager null
bundlor a tool that automates the detection of dependencies and the creation of OSGi manifest directives for JARs.
business-basic null
buzzword-compliance Used of products that seem to have been specified to incorporate all of this month's trendy technologies
bsdtar the FreeBSD implementation of the tar command
bson-ext C extensions to accelerate the Ruby BSON serialization.
dart-http null
daap the proprietary protocol introduced by Apple in its iTunes software to share media across a local network
datacolumncollection null
datacontractsurrogate null
datastax-python-driver DataStax Python Driver for Apache Cassandra
dehl a library making use of advanced features introduced in recent Delphi versions.
delta-pack a zip file provided by the Eclipse Platform and it is used for developing RCP applications for multiple platforms.
deltaspike-jpa null
deleteallonsubmit null
developer-machine null
dlib-python A Python interface allowing training and detecting objects from Python scripts using the dlib library
dllhost null
django-search-lucene null
domaincontext null
docverter null
docushare one of the most flexible, easy-to-use content management platforms on the market today.
dpl null
dox a Haxe documentation generator.
domain-forwarding null
dinamico a template pack for N2 CMS that uses MVC4/Razor.
deviantart-api the API provided by the online art gallery and community DeviantArt.
deviare A free and also commercial library which supports hooking unmanaged APIs with managed code
dirset Apache Ant type representing a group of directories.
django-command-extensions django-command-extensions refers to django-extensions pluggable Django app that provides a collection of custom extensions
django-chronograph a Python Django script that provides an interface for creating cron jobs in a Django web application that run every minute.
cs0246 null
cumulus free software for retrieving, storing and displaying data from an electronic Automatic Weather Station
cyclops-react a comprehensive functional reactive platform for JDK8.
custom-domain Use for questions regarding the use of Custom Domains with a Google App-Engine project.
curie intended for questions related to using URL relations and the DRY principle to create semantic data or semantic markup.
context-injection Design pattern almost synonym to dependency injection, except that injected objects can be different for each class instance.
cppiechart null
corecon null
core-banking null
cp866 a extended ASCII character table to support Cyrillic characters.
exception-code null
coderef null
compiled-bindings null
compodoc null
column-sum null
concurrent-ruby Concurrency library inspired by Erlang, Clojure, Scala, Haskell, F#, C#, Java, and others
confidential null
condition-system null
config-designer-csd Configuration Section Designer: A free/OSS Visual Studio add-in that allows you to graphically design .NET Configuration Sections and automatically generates all the required code and a schema definit…
2d-context-api null
powder POWDER
powerform a feature available on DocuSign Enterprise accounts
.git-info-grafts `.git/info/grafts` lets you preserve git history between different repositories by enabling two otherwise different lines of development to be joined together.
acm.graphics a package provides a set of classes that support the creation of simple, object-oriented graphical displays.
academic-graph null
shadowpath null
ekrecurrencerule null
postgis-installation null
postgres-plus the name of EnterpriseDB's Postgres Plus and Postgres Plus Advanced Server products
algorithmia null
allen-sdk Allen SDK provides Python code for processing the data from Allen Brain Atlas.
all-files null
amistad Amistad adds friendships management into a rails 3.0 application.
allowmultiple null
ampersand-collection null
amp-mustache the AMP implementation of mustache, a logic-less template syntax.
andand null
android-compound-view for questions related to building and using compound widgets on the mobile platform Android
adb-drivers null
ada-compliance The Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 or ADA in the USA is a piece of legislation that prohibits discrimination based on disability
akka-persistent-fsm an experimental package for unifying Akka FSM with Akka Persistence.
adversarial-machines null
adsense-anchor-ads representing a feature of AdSense
argp An interface in the GNU C library for parsing Unix-style argument vectors.
as-if The as-if rule allows arbitrary compiler optimizations under the premise that the observable behavior does not change.
asift null
arc-ecto Arc.Ecto provides an integration with Arc and Ecto in the Elixir ecosystem.
asterisk-java null
async-components null
azure-elastic-sharding null
aurelia-breeze a plugin for the Aurelia framework
aurora.js a framework that makes writing audio decoders in JavaScript easier
at.js null
atata C#/.NET web UI test automation full featured framework based on Selenium WebDriver
async-loading the concept of loading data/object or other thing not synchronized with the main thread.
asyncpg null
asynchronous-pages null
android-measure null
android-moxy null
androvm null
aranchor null
apvpdf null
apache-dbi null
apache-camel-mail null
apache-lucy The Apache Lucy search engine library provides full-text search for dynamic programming languages
appcompatdialogfragment null
r.id null
q-value Statistics: Also known as False discovery rate
packages.json null
pa11y an automated accessibility testing tool
customstringconvertible null
aiosmtpd an SMTP server based on asyncio
aiql null
airborne null
ajaxcontext null
akhet A Pyramid library and demo application with a Pylons-inspired API.
afterthought Afterthought allows developers to post-process .NET assemblies to add code that either cannot be added to the original source or is not convenient/efficient to do so.
cxjs A JavaScript framework for building user interfaces using out of the box available widgets and charts.
amalgamation null
cyborg Issues related to the Cyborg framework for MVC Android development
rose-compiler-framework should be used with any question concerning the ROSE compiler framework from Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
rocketscript null
gbdk a development kit for the Nintendo Gameboy containing an ANSI C compiler, assembler, linker, several libraries, and some example programs.
gaze null
gambio The gambio webshop system, PHP, based on xt:commerce
gaeunit null
digital-downloads null
diffsharp a functional automatic differentiation library.
uva CUDA's Unified Virtual Addressing feature distinguishes the address spaces of the different GPUs on a system from the host memory space, so that pointers are unique across all computational devices.
utfgrids The UTFGrid spec defines a way to transport interactive data to a map interface like a tooltip so that it loads progressively and performs well across legacy browsers and modern mobile devices.
cfhttpparam null
valdr-bean-validation a JSR 303 plugin for valdr i.e
valentina-studio c++/QT cross-platfrom graphical database management and development software produced by Paradigma Software, Inc
pastie null
message-authentication-code a cryptographic value that guarantees the authenticity of a message
mesh-collider A Mesh Collider allows you to perform collision detection between meshes and primitives.
merge-strategy null
messagepump null
suitecloud null
support-preference Android v7/v14 Preference Support Library
supervisingcontroller null
supervisor-mode null
supportkit an IOS SDK which allows users to communicate via a number of methods
ora-24338 ORA-24338: statement handle not executed Cause: A fetch or describe was attempted before executing a statement handle.
ora-03114 ORA-03114: Not connected to ORACLE
ora-12545 ORA-12545: Connect failed because target host or object does not exist
ora-00984 ORA-00984: column not allowed here
ora-00997 ORA-00997: illegal use of LONG datatype
option-rom An Option ROM typically consists of firmware that is called by the system BIOS.
option-type used when an actual value might not exist for a named value or variable
cgcontextdrawpath null
microfocus-mobile-center For questions related to Micro Focus's Mobile-Center.
microsoft-accessibility a Component Object Model -based technology that improves the way accessibility aids work with applications running on Microsoft Windows
bunch a python package to let you access dicts as if they were objects
metro.js a JavaScript plugin for jQuery developed to easily enable Metro interfaces on the web.
metrical null
bully-algorithm a method in distributed computing for dynamically electing a coordinator by process ID number
built.io-backend a backend-as-a-service platform
buildkite Another CI/CD pipeline tool, similar as Travis CI.
buildfarm null
kendo-react-ui null
kafka-directconsumer null
kakoune null
karma-babel-preprocessor A karma preprocessor for working with the Babel transpiler.
kdcircularprogress null
kendo-confirm A Confirm modal dialog widget from Kendo UI which allows a variety of user customization.
kendo-angular-ui the UI Components expertly-engineered, enterprise-ready for Angular 2
itaskitem null
itamae Simple and lightweight configuration management tool inspired by Chef.
iswitchb-mode null
iswix Industrial Strength Windows Installer XML is a Windows Installer XML document editor.
itemscollection null
iview-ui A high quality UI Toolkit based on Vue.js
site-packages null
sjax null
skein null
sketchjs an easy-to-use jQuery plugin that allows you to create canvases upon which visitors can draw.
smartcollection a complete re-write of the MongoDB Collection implementation for Meteor.
smartpart null
smarthomeskill null
smcalloutview null
smartsheet-java-sdk-v1 null
socklen-t an opaque integer type defined in `socket.h`
sodiumfrp null
shinemp3encoder null
shields.io null
shelly a small Haskell library to support scripting tasks.
shark-ml a fast, modular, feature-rich open-source C++ machine learning library.
simpleioc Questions related to the SimpleIoc Class in C#
sitecore-intranet-portal should be used for questions related to Sitecore Intranet Portal.
sitecore-ecommerce Primarily used for connecting E-Commerce Platforms with Sitecore and also using Sitecore Commerce Connect Api to integrate with any commerce engine
sitecore-unicorn a Sitecore utility designed to simplify deployment of Sitecore items across environments automatically
sitedesign null
silicon null
srfi Scheme Requests for Implementation
sreg null
srl null
stanza a new programming language designed to significantly increase the productivity of application programmers
standard-icons null
stagedisplaystate null
sql-server-vnext null
sql-server-2017-graph Questions about Graph processing with SQL Server
sql-domain A Schema may contain zero or more Domains
spurious-wakeup null
spuserfield null
spring-4-gwt GWT Spring brings Spring's proven, simple dependency injection principles to your GWT project
space-between null
so-linger null
sparkapi a package providing core RPC protocol extracted from SparkR
spa-template null
sparkup null
steinberg-asio null
starray Mutable boxed and unboxed arrays in the `ST` monad.
string-iteration null
swagger-node null
sweepgradient null
swift-data null
swiftdate is an open-source, 3rd party Swift library to make it easier to work with Dates and TimeZones.
swift-guard null
svgweb a JavaScript library which provides SVG support on many browsers, including Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Safari.
tessel a development board and platform for building electronics
tensorflow-transform a library for data preprocessing with TensorFlow
tendermint null
texture1d null
textswitcher null
tfs-events null
tabexpansion null
syncthing Open Source Continuous File Synchronization protocol and tooling
tatsu for all questions related to the TatSu or Grako parser generators.
tbar null
tcomponent null
windows-template-studio null
winjs-promise Provides a mechanism to schedule work to be done on a value that has not yet been computed
win-bash a Windows port of the famous GNU bash
windows-8-mail-app null
webhttprelaybinding null
webharvy WebHarvy allows you to apply Regular Expressions on the selected text before scraping it
way-generators Tag for the popular Jeffrey Way Laravel generators.
version-sort Version sort refers to the sorting of version numbers as used for software
videojs-transcript null
variablesizedwrapgrid A WinRT/Win8 control that provides a grid-style layout panel where each tile/cell can be variable size based on content.
van-emde-boas-trees a data structure for storing a sorted dictionary of integers
virtual-table null
vlab a programmable and interactive environment for the assembly, configuration, programming and operation of electronic system level simulations, such as virtual system prototypes, virtual platfor…
voice-interaction null
userapp a user management API
updatepanelanimationexte a simple ASP.NET AJAX extender that allows utilization of the powerful animation framework with existing pages in an easy, declarative fashion.
unresponsive-progressbar null
undecidable-instances null
unql null
unfoldingmap null
type-accelerators null
txr a new and evolving programming language which combines a whole-document pattern matching/extraction language with a Lisp dialect.
ucrop null
uca The Unicode Collation Algorithm
ubiquitycontainer null
ubikloadpack a set of Commercial Plugins for Apache JMeter that let you easily load test different protocols.
ufs null
uimotioneffect an abstract superclass for defining motion-based modifiers for views
uipushbehavior null
tiedot a NoSQL database for the programming language Go.
time-critical null
tracemonkey Tracemonkey, a descendant of SpiderMonkey, adds native-code compilation to Mozilla's Javascript engine.
townedcollection a TCollection descendant maintaining an in order to obtain property path information at design-time
touch-punch null
todoist Todoist API provides support for efficient data sync between clients and Todoist
tradacoms an early standard for EDI primarily used in the UK retail sector
tradeoff-analytics null
triplot a trilinear-diagram plotting program for researchers and students
trng null
tridion-deploy-extension null
treewidget null
trianglify Algorithmically generated triangle art
twincat-ads-.net a .NET class library, that provides classes to communicate with an ads device.
twinfield an cloud-based accounting package typically used in the Netherlands and several other countries
two-connection-limit limited to two simultaneous connections, named the two-connection limit.
ravenfs RavenFS refers to the Raven DB File System
raddropdownbutton DropDownButton control with powerful features created by Telerik
raddiagram null
radrotator A control for ASP.net Ajax providing an interactive way for your users to view multiple items, such as images
quake2 null
r6025 a run-time error code of Microsoft Visual C++ for the error: pure virtual function call
querulous a JDBC wrapper for Scala from Twitter
qubes-os different than other operating systems starting right from the kernel
qubit null
q-query null
qqmlcontext null
qprogressdialog when you have a question about QProgressDialog, a Qt class which provides feedback on the progress of a slow operation.
reaper digital audio workstation software: a complete multitrack audio and MIDI recording, editing, processing, mixing, and mastering environment.
redux-saga-test-plan null
refactorpro null
reference-cycle null
redux-immutable null
redux-form-validators null
regex-recursion Some modern regex flavors support recursion in Regex: Perl 5.10, PCRE 4.0, Ruby 2.0, and all later versions of these three, support regular expression recursion
refresher null
references.js The `_refernces.js` file enables JavaScript IntelliSense in VisualStudio for the files added as references inside it.
remote-assistance null
resolveassemblyreference null
retrywhen null
retlang a high performance C# threading library
ringdroid An Android application for editing and creating your own ringtones, alarms, and notification sounds.
scayt SCAYT plugin brings Spell Check As You Type functionality into CKEditor.
scroll-offset null
selenium-hub null
server-mode null
serverless-framework-offline null
serverless-plugins null
ruby-native-extensions null
ruby-rgl a Ruby module for implementing graph algorithms.
royal-slider an image gallery and content slider plugin.
routerjs a simple router for your Ajax web apps
ruby-ripper a core library as of Ruby 1.9 that takes ruby input and produces s-expressions.
scannable-code for questions concerning the creation or interpretation of any type of scannable image codes
scalatest-maven-plugin Maven scalatest plugin with groupId `org.scalatest` with the source code and implementation found under https://github.com/scalatest/scalatest-maven-plugin
satchless e-commerce python microframework for Django
pact-node null
overlay-icon-disappear null
outerxml null
ottoman-node null
outdir null
palemoon an Open Source, Firefox-based web browser available for Microsoft Windows and Linux, focusing on efficiency and ease of use.
paillier For questions relating to Paillier public key crypto systems.
particle-photon a Wi-Fi connected development module manufactured by Particle
particle.js A JavaScript library that can help you create particle systems.
parsel Parsel lets you extract data from XML/HTML documents using XPath or CSS selectors
parse-forest The set of parse trees of an ambiguous sentence.
paykey null
paysimple an electronic payment processing provider.
percent-support-library null
perfarce a Mercurial extension that allows using clone, incoming, outgoing, pull & push operations with Perforce using a client specification as a repository source
openexi A Java & .Net library for reading and writing .EXI files, a binary optimized version of XML
openelec a Linux distribution designed for home theater PCs and based on the Kodi media player.
octetstring null
ocanvas an object-oriented JavaScript library for HTML5 canvas drawing.
object-dumper null
onbeforeprint null
opera-presto Opera Presto refers to older versions of the Opera browser - up to version 12.x - which used the Presto rendering engine .
openxml-table null
opera-turbo Opera Turbo loads webpages faster on slow Internet connections while other browsers get left in the dust
openj9 an open source project that provides a high-performance, scalable, Java virtual machine implementation
openkeychain null
oracle-xdk a collection of utilities for manipulating XML in Oracle databases.
oracle-olap null
primer3 null
preference-headers null
precompiled-binaries null
pp-python-parallel null
power-tools-for-xml null
powershell-trap null
powershell-sdk useful when the issue pertains to the development and maintenance of Powershell extends which use the generic Powershell Software Development Kit, as opposed to a provider-specific SDK.
private-header an extension of C header files and are sometimes stored in *.r files
program-o null
project-folder null
pybel Pybel provides convenience functions and classes that make it simpler to use the Open Babel libraries from Python
pshost null
ptpd Precision Time Protocol daemon
pseudo-globals a variable that is in the local scope, even though its name starts with a $ sign.
pingaccess a centralized point of security and access control for Web applications and APIs, serving applications and other resources to clients outside an organization while still protecting inter…
picturecallback null
phonegap-4.0.0 when asking a question about PhoneGap version 4.0.0: http://docs.phonegap.com/en/4.0.0/
phono for any questions about how to use the Phono jQuery plugin to add phone capabilities to a web site or web application.
porthole.js null
plumtree null
plunit a unit testing framework for Prolog
pykcharts a charting library built on top of D3.js that aims to reduce the complexity of making your own charts.
pylot a free open source tool for testing performance and scalability of web services
doctrine-mapping null
python-routes a Python re-implementation of the Rails routes system for mapping URLs to application actions, and conversely to generate URLs
pyexchange a library for Microsoft Exchange.
pyhdfs-client for questions relevant to HDFS client, written in Python.
pyinsane Python implementation of the Sane API and abstration layer.
s40 null
odk-xform null
odoo-survey the tag for the odoo survey module: https://www.odoo.com/apps/modules/10.0/survey/.
odfpy null
sage50 null
sag a suite of libraries for connecting to CouchDB that uses the same API in PHP and JS .
lateral-join null
laravel-upgrade null
angular-webpack-starter null
angular-seed-advanced null
angular-sanitizer null
authority-gem The Authority gem provides an ORM-neutral authorization layer for Rails and other Ruby applications.
authomatic null
authorizationservices null
feature-upgrade null
fdroid For anything related to the F-Droid free software app store ecosystem: app builds, whitelabeling, setting up app repositories, licensing issues, etc.
fcitx null
nhibernate-futures null
ngdescribe null
react-native-push null
react-native-snap-carousel null
ng2-semantic-ui null
nextion null
azure-timeseries-insights for questions related to programmatic usage of Azure Time Series Insights.
babel-babylon a JavaScript parser used in Babel,js
angular-bootstrap-toggle null
ios-stickers null
ios-vision null
vudroid null
vuzixm100 null
crm-sitemap null
createprocesswithlogonw a Windows API function that allows the creation of a user-mode process as an arbitrary user.
static-generator null
static-visitor boost::static_visitor — Convenient base type for static visitors.
statspack null
static-media null
latin9 An 8-bit single-byte character encoding defined in ISO/IEC 8859 Part 15
relativepanel null
release-candidate null
regulations null
clojurebox null
cljx a Leiningen plugin and nREPL middleware that produces Clojure and ClojureScript code from a single annotated codebase.
backgroundtaskidentifier null
tdxmemdata an ultra-fast in-memory TDataSet descendant VCL component included in the ExpressMemData package by Developer Express Inc.
clouddb null
enroute null
kubernetes-pvc Kubernetes persistent volume claims: These are requested by pods in a cluster, from a storage pool that is pre-defined .
kubernetes-python-client null
telerik-radbutton null
telerik-raddatepicker null
team-project-collection null
teamsystem null
teigha create engineering applications including CAD
technet null
commerce-kickstart a Drupal distribution that provides a fully functioning Drupal Commerce installation.
lambdabot an IRC bot and a tool to aid in Haskell development.
labelled-break null
xeroizer null
xmmp Use XMMP when talking about the Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol itself without a specific implementation.
xmlsec1 null
xml-swf-charts a library written in flash that read a XML in order to make impressive graphics charts.
yakuake a drop-down terminal emulator based on KDE Konsole technology.
yamlbeans null
yat a utility for load testing and performance analysis of web services and applications.
yagarto a cross development environment for the ARM architecture, running on a Windows host
xwt XWT stands for Eclipse XML Window Toolkit
xcp2.x xcp2.x covers EMC Documentum xCP 2.x products questions
wtai null
worker-pool null
write-through null
wordpresssharp a C# client to interact with the WordPress XML-RPC API
wordpress-geo-mashup null
hcl null
header-bidding null
hdmi-cec Consumer Electronics Control - Using a remote control to control devices through HDMI
hdrhistogram HdrHistogram supports the recording and analyzing of sampled data value counts across a configurable integer value range with configurable value precision within the range
headless-rcp null
haxl a Haskell library that simplifies access to remote data, such as databases or web-based services.
hasql A minimalistic general high level API for Postgresql clients in Haskell
yoxos null
zalenium Allows anyone to have a disposable, flexible, container based Selenium Grid infrastructure featuring video recording, live preview, basic auth & online/offline dashboards https://zalando.github.io/zal…
yii-form null
jsr233 JSR 233: J2EE Mobile Device Management and Monitoring Specification
jstween JavaScript animation library for jQuery by Marco Wolfsheimer licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.
jsweet a Java to JavaScript transpiler that allows sharing code between client and server.
jstockchart a JFreeChart project that focuses on time series and candlestick charts.
jstestrunner Tests JavaScript code using an approach like TDD
zend-hydrator part of zendframework and provides object hydrators and array extraction
rhamt Red Hat Application Migration Toolkit , formerly named Windup, is a software by Red Hat for analyzing large-scale applications and helping with their migration
riak-2i Secondary indexes in Riak enable you to tag objects stored in Riak, at write time, with one or more queryable values.
cocoapods-app An app that hosts all of the tooling needed to install and update CocoaPods in Xcode.
richtextblockoverflow to display content that does not fit in the bounds of a RichTextBlock or another RichTextBlockOverflow element
rietveld a web-based collaborative code review tool for Subversion and released as open source, written by Guido van Rossum to run on Google's cloud service.
rfc6455 The RFC that defines the WebSocket Protocol.
rfc6749 The OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework
fstar an ML-like functional programming language aimed at program verification.
frontera a framework implementation of a crawl frontier
netexport a Firebug extension that allows exporting the network requests listed inside Firebug's Net panel.
prooph an open source library providing components for CQRS and Event Sourcing in PHP.
protobuff.net null
protx null
codata null
django-model-field null
django-intermediate-table null
angular2-filtering null
react-native-linking null
azure-disk Windows Azure disk repository.
azure-backup-vault for question related to Azure Backup Vault, which are based on Azure Service Manager, were the first version of the vault
azure-clouddrive Azure Cloud Drive represents a mounted NTFS volume that is persisted between role recycle events.
azure-china null
angular2-select null
azure-ad-powershell-v2 The Azure Active Directory PowerShell V2 module is used to administer Azure Active Directory using the PowerShell scripting language.
prodinner an ASP.NET MVC sample application, it uses EF4 Code First for Data Access, SOLID principles, jQuery and ASP.net MVC Awesome for Web UI, it has Multi-language User Interface.
qsystemtrayicon null
qsignalspy a class enabling introspection of signal emission.
distributed-programming null
qset a template class from the Qt Toolkit that provides a hash-table-based set
xaml-serialization null
vclick The jQuery virtualized click event handler.
inverse-match null
invocation-api The Invocation API allows software vendors to load the Java VM into an arbitrary native application.
ioloop null
invokevirtual null
intuit-wasabi is used to track questions related to the open-sourced Wasabi A/B Testing Platform project
datagridviewcomboboxcolumn null
versant-vod Actian NoSQL is an enterprise-grade NoSQL object database supporting massive concurrency and large data sets, provided by Actian Corporation.
version-editor null
datagridheaderborder Creates the theme specific-look for headers in .NET Framework version 4 DataGrid.
velocity-tools an integrated collection of Velocity subprojects and infrastructure to easily, automatically and transparently make these tools available to Velocity templates.
msmessagetemplatelayout The MSMessageTemplateLayout describes how an MSMessage object is presented in the transcript
msp432 null
msi-gui null
mu4e null
ms-security-essentials Microsoft's free anti-virus offering.
msvc14 null
mstor a java open source project for handling mail
msvcr120.dll null
mssql-server-linux only for issues related to SQLSERVER on Linux platforms
mulan an open-source Java library for learning from multi-label datasets
mtaf The Magento Test Automation Framework is a system of software tools used for running repeatable functional tests against the Magento application being tested
venn.js A JavaScript library for creating Venn and Euler diagrams
datahistory null
inuit.css An object-oriented CSS framework using the SMACSS pattern and BEM syntax.
introscope an application performance management tool
qt4dotnet a set of Bindings for Qt 4 targeting .NET languages.
qtooltip a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides tool tips for any widget.
qtonpi Qt 5 and Raspberry Pi combine perfectly in so many ways
qtftp A possible misspelling of QFtp class in Qt
qthttp A possible misspelling of the QHttp class, in the QT framework, that provides an implementation of the HTTP protocol.
vcscommand a Vim plugin for manipulating version controlled files .
xamlpad null
xataface a flexible and shapable skin that sits on top of MySQL, making it accessible to every-day users
xbel null
xadisk XADisk enables transactional access to existing file systems by providing APIs to perform file/directory operations
x509certificatevalidator null
disk-based null
displayfield null
product-development null
common-files null
processexception null
compare-attribute Class that provides ability to compare two properties of a model.
compact-font-format null
profile-owner null
linkedin-plugins null
angular2-security null
angular2-template-loader null
angular4.x null
angular2-webpack-starter null
angular2-zone null
ios-contacts null
angular2-output null
angular2-render null
blitzmax a cross-platform programming language in a style of Object-Oriented BASIC.
blitz3d a derivative of BlitzBasic, a Basic programming language.
blitline an online image processing Platform as a Service , offering an API for applications to offload their image processing to the cloud.
django-fsm null
code-by-voice Writing code using voice recognition software.
code-freeze a part of the development lifecycle in which the version control system is locked, so new revisions of source files cannot be checked into the repository.
code-elimination A feature in some compilers where unreachable code is removed from the compiled output for performance and file-size reasons.
bleach a whitelist-based HTML sanitizing Python library that escapes or strips markup and attributes.
proteus a JSON layout inflater with data binding support for Android.
protected-views a JSF 2.2 feature of declaring a specific set of views which should require a CSRF protection token on GET requests.
pro-power-tools null
propfind null
proper property-based testing tool in Erlang, similar Quickcheck in Haskell.
netflix-servo Framework for monitoring spring applications
netburner NetBurner - Ethernet Enabled Embedded Systems
netdna-api The NetDNA REST API allows 3rd party consumers to interact to the system from their own applications.
nested-urls refers to URLs which contain one or more smaller URLs within them.
fssm The File System State Monitor keeps track of the state of any number of paths and will fire events when said state changes.
rfc-4226 RFC-4226 defines an algorithm to generate one-time passwords using an HMAC.
functional-specifications null
funcall null
function.prototype For questions about the property on functions in JavaScript.
riemann-dashboard A javascript, websockets-powered dashboard for Riemann.
cocos2d-x-win32 null
rhino-licensing A licensing mechanism that allows for asynchronous cryptography as well as user/machine specific licensing
rhmap short for Red Hat Mobile Application Platform
zend-form-collection null
zuora-soap The Zuora SOAP API provides fully fleshed-out support for virtually everything you can do in the Zuora UI
zend-tag a component suite which provides a facility to work with taggable Items.
zend-db-profiler null
yesod-test null
yi-editor a text editor written and extensible in Haskell
zappdev null
zeal an offline documentation browser inspired by Dash, available for Linux and Windows.
jstorm a distributed and fault-tolerant realtime computation system
yii-inheritance null
yii-filters null
heapbox a replacement for jQuery’s select element
dasblog a blogging application that runs on ASP.NET 2.0 and up and is developed in C#.
dashicons the official icon font of the WordPress admin as of 3.8.
yui-calendar Calendar widget for the written in JavaScript and opensource.
haskell-src-exts Haskell-Source with Extensions is an extension of the standard haskell-src package, and handles most registered syntactic extensions to Haskell.
headless-fragments Fragments which can be used without defining a user interface.
header-fields null
word-web-addins null
worker-processes null
wso2-appm a complete solution for publishing and managing all aspects of an application and its lifecycle.
wsaasyncselect null
wsdlc a tool that can generate java stubs from WSDL .
wsdl2ruby null
wss-3.0-sp2 null
xcode-tools a small self-contained package for OS X that contains development tools typically installed in /usr/bin, like Clang, GDB and Make.
xcode7.1.1 null
yadr null
xypic null
yecc an erlang version of yacc/bison.
yalinqo YaLinqo — port of .NET LINQ to PHP.
xmlresourceparser null
xmlhelper null
xdmcp X Display Manager Control Protocol is used for communicating between user's local X server and a remote X display manager
laconica a FOSS microblogging server written in PHP that implements the OStatus standard for interoperation between installations
language-ext null
teamwork-projects a web-based project-management tool developed by Teamwork
telerik-radmaskedtextbox null
telepat an open-source backend stack, designed to deliver information and information updates in real-time to clients, while allowing for flexible deployment and simple scaling.
kubernetes-networkpolicy null
kubernetes-mesos Mesos allows dynamic sharing of cluster resources between Kubernetes and other first-class Mesos frameworks such as Hadoop, Spark, and Chronos
kube-css a minimalistic Web framework for professional developers and designers.
cloudify-script-plugin null
enterprise-library-4.1 null
entab-detab null
teacup A community-driven DSL for creating user interfaces on iOS and OS X.
enumerated null
entity-framework-extensions null
clj-pdf a clojure library for creating PDFs
clish A modular framework for implementing a CISCO-like CLI on a *NIX system
clojure-maven-plugin Maven plugin for working with clojure language as easy as possible.
reinforced-typings null
regl For questions about regl the library and its usage
reintegration null
ldc a compiler for the D programming language that uses the LLVM compiler infrastructure for the back end
staticfbml null
relic an Efficient LIbrary for Cryptography
credible-interval null
cropimage.net a drop in replacement for the old ASP.NET WebCropImage control
vulcan A build server in the cloud.
vue-select A native Vue.js component that provides similar functionality to Select2 without the overhead of jQuery.
vue-ssr null
wait-fences null
w32 null
angularfire2-offline null
angular-constant null
ioutils null
iot-driver-behavior
ip2location null
angularbootstrap-lightbox null
appcloud null
azure-zulu officially provided by MS Azure build of the community-driven open source Java™ implementation, known as OpenJDK™, made by Azul Systems for Windows Server on the Windows Azur…
babili An ES6+ aware minifier based on the Babel toolchain
react-sketchapp A javascript API for rendering React.js components in Sketch
react-web null
wait-free wait-free if it guarantees that every call finishes its execution in a finite number of steps .
ng2-idle null
ng2-datetime null
ng2-completer null
ng-ckeditor null
react-native-video null
nhibernate-inheritance null
night-shift null
niagara-ax NiagaraAX, Tridium’s next generation software framework for building device-to-enterprise applications and Internet-enabled products.
fbsdklikecontrol UI control to like an object in the Facebook graph.
latexml a LaTeX to XML converter.
feature-driven an iterative and incremental software development process
animatetransform null
ninjakit a Safari extension that allows you to enhance the way web-pages work, by running javascript on websites that you specify
late-bound-evaluation null
lastpasswordset null
amazon-echo-show null
amazon-gamecircle an Amazon API to sync game data across devices and platforms to improve player experience and retention.
sageframe a powerful Content Management System built on top of ASP.NET
sails-generate-auth A Passport.js-based authentication generator for use with the Sails command-line interface.
safefilehandle null
sacct a tool that displays accounting data for all jobs and job steps in the SLURM job accounting log or SLURM database
odfweave a system for combining R code with Open Document Format in a single document.
odbc-bridge null
odbcdatareader null
pygrametl a Python framework which offers commonly used functionality for development of Extract-Transform-Load processes
pyexcelerate a Python package for writing Excel-compatible XLSX spreadsheet files, with an emphasis on speed
pyelftools a Python library for parsing ELF binaries and DWARF debugging information.
python-plyplus null
python-trio a Python package for async concurrency and I/O that's obsessed with usability and correctness
python-sacred a python library to run experiments
autodesk-vault a data management software developed by Autodesk
python-mlab For questions on using the mlab Matlab-to-Python bridge
doctrine-inheritance null
plotlab a set of very fast data plotting / charting / graphing components
plotmatrix MATLAB function to create a matrix of subaxes containing scatter plots of the columns of X against the columns of Y.
playmaker a plugin for Unity 3D which enables visual scripting.
portal-system null
popfax-api The Popfax API allows you to send and receive faxes over the internet.
portable-contacts null
popup.js A barebones, flexible jQuery popup plugin
perlsyn For questions about Perl core syntax
perms null
phantomjs-maven-plugin null
pickmeup null
pi-db archive data consisting mainly of timestamps and values.
pinned-header-list-view null
proxyselector null
ptp a protocol developed by the International Imaging Industry Association to allow the transfer of images from digital cameras to computers and other peripheral devices…
pttimeselect null
pycodestyle a simple python style analyzer used for checking python code against some style conventions in PEP 8.
project-lifecycle null
project-valhalla A proposed enhancement to the JVM to improve runtime performance
projectpier null
programming-tools null
princely null
oracle-net-services Oracle's networking framework
oracle-objects a object oriented extension to PL/SQL and SQL for the Oracle RDBMS.
osx-today-widget null
openwebrtcdemo null
openwsman an open source implementation of the WS-MAN management specification.
operator-sections a feature in Haskell that lets us write partially applied infix operators, like `` meaning ``.
onauthorization null
oncloselistener null
octobercms-user-plugin null
openerp-web-module null
opengl-shader-builder program created by Apple for creating and testing high level GLSL and low level ARB shaders
openid2 null
openfx an open standard for visual effects plug-ins
onguard null
online-repository null
perl5.12 Version 5.12 of the Perl programming language.
perl5.18 Questions pertaining to features introduced in Perl v5.18.
pdebuild null
pbiviz null
paypal-mpl PayPal Mobile Payment Libraries.
patternfly a community of designers and developers collaborating to build a UI framework for enterprise web applications
pagerduty null
pa-risc null
sass-globbing Sass globbing allows you to import many sass or scss files in a single import statement.
scaleout-hserver null
scale9grid null
sap-xi SAP's enterprise application integration software
sasm null
sanity a cloud based, headless CMS toolkit for managing structured data
ruby-std the Ruby Standard Library class collection
run-middleware null
routedebugger null
roboblender an annotation processor that has been introduced to speed up RoboGuice performances at runtime: 30-70% speed gain, 30% memory gain.
rivets a C# implementation of App Links
rmd null
rpgmakermv null
ruby-rice a C++ interface to Ruby's C API.
rras a Microsoft API and server software that makes it possible to create applications to administer the routing and remote access service capabilities of the op…
rscss Reasonable Standard* for CSS Stylesheet Structure.
selenium-ruby null
self-documenting null
select-xml a powershell cmdlet that finds a text in xml documents.
select-to-slider null
serializationbinder null
sgen.exe null
setwindowpos null
sfschedule Syncfusion's scheduler control provides common scheduling functionalities to create and manage appointments and exposes a touch-friendly UI to perform all common operations like adding, editing, copy-…
sfdc-metadata-api null
setonerrorlistener null
scncamera null
sceneeditor null
scheduledactionservice null
sculpin a static site generator written in PHP.
ringout null
rightview null
r-extension an open source programming language designed for statistical computing
rfc1738 RFC describing syntax and semantics of a Uniform Resource locator .
rfc2231 about
retire null
resolveclienturl null
resource-disposal null
reqwest null
repast-hpc Repast for High Performance Computing is a next generation agent-based modeling system intended for large-scale distributed computing platforms
reg-free null
qmediarecorder a class from the Qt Toolkit which is used for the recording of media content.
qoci Stands for Qt Oracle Connect Interface
python-jose A JOSE implementation in Python based on PyJWT.
python-jsonschema null
quartzcode null
qtserial In the QT framework, Qt Serial Port provides the basic serial port functionalities, which includes configuring, I/O operations, getting and setting the control signals of the RS-232 pinouts.
rafaeljs a cross-browser JavaScript library that draws Vector graphics for web sites.
rapidclipse an Java IDE for Rapid Java & Cross Platform Development based on Eclipse
radio-transmission null
raccommand an essential part of ReactiveCocoa.
rackunit a unit-testing framework for Racket.
rawrabbit null
reagent-forms Reagent provides a minimalistic interface between ClojureScript and React
rbga null
tryinvokemember null
tribool null
trollop a commandline option parser for Ruby
transactional-queue null
transbase a specialized database system manufactured by Transaction Software GmbH
transcendental-equation are equations with at least one variable inside goniometric function like `x=sin`
tmenuitem a non visual VCL component describing the properties of an item in a menu
tobago null
tpc null
tizen-certificate null
tkentry null
uiribbon null
uispec null
uiq3 null
uipresentingcontroller null
ui-ace null
uframe null
ubertesters Testing platform for In-House and External Beta testers.
uberspace Uberspace, a popular shared hosting provider
twui Twitter's open-sourced UI framework from its Mac OS X client, featuring an iOS-styled look-and-feel and QuartzCore accelerated UI.
tx-indexed-search null
tx-mask Allows to create custom TYPO3 content elements easily.
unqualified-name relative to a declared context, eg just ArrayList
undertowjaxrsserver null
unbox null
update-in null
usb-hid null
userdel The userdel command modifies the system account files, deleting all entries that refer to the user name LOGIN
voce For questions related to cross-platform speech synthesis and recognition library.
wakatime Questions relating to the programming metrics tool Wakatime.
wapt a load and stress testing tool that provides an easy-to-use and cost-effective way to test any web site, including business applications, mobile sites, web portals, etc.
virtual-screen null
visad a Java component library for interactive and collaborative visualization and analysis of numerical data.
value-constructor null
validationframework The XWork validation subsystem of the Struts2 framework that enables the application of input validation rules to Actions before they are executed.
usernotificationsui iOS 10 UserNotificationsUI framework
vapoursynth a Python module for video manipulation - non-linear video editing
variable-address The position in memory occupied by a variable, often inside a program made by the user in some programming language
videotexture null
viadeo an online service to manage your Networking, Business and Career profiles.
webflow-js null
webdis a simple HTTP server which forwards commands to Redis and sends the reply back using a format of your choice.
website-admin null
websitebaker null
webvimark A user management module for Yii 2.
websphinx a Java class library for building web crawlers.
windowinsets Insets of system views , that are applied to the window of activity.
winbinder an open-source extension for PHP that allows the creation of native Windows applications using PHP.
wink null
windroy Android running with Windows kernel!
windows-server-2008-web null
windows-style-flags null
wordle null
winpexpect a port of pexpect to the Windows platform
tcolor used to specify the color of a Windows-only control
tcp-keepalive null
tcl-api The Tcl API is a huge set of C functions which can be used to create binary extensions to the Tcl language.
table-data-gateway Design pattern in which an object acts as a gateway to a database table.
sysbios Advanced Real-Time Kernel Solution SYS/BIOS™ 6.x is an advanced, real-time kernel for use in a wide range of DSPs, ARMs, and microcontrollers.
thumbnail-toolbar null
tibco-mdm to refer TIBCO Master Data Management.
terraform-provider-aws null
ternplot a Matlab package which plots ternary diagrams, use this tag for questions about it
susy-next a responsive layout toolkit for Sass.
substage null
subsonic2.0 null
subscribe2 null
sublime-syntax null
swift-converter null
swf-compiler null
synaptic.js null
swagger-wcf Generates Swagger for WCF services
stomp.py a Python library for STOMP Protocol
stonith STONITH , sometimes called STOMITH , is a technique for fencing in computer …
strongly-typed-helper null
sticky-windows null
spacevim a community-driven vim distribution that seeks to provide layer feature, especially for neovim.
sp.js null
spring-actionscript an open source application framework written in ActionScript 3.0
spring.codeconfig Spring.NET CodeConfig provides the ability to configure a Spring container using standard .NET code instead of or in addition to XML configuration.
sp-reset-connection The stored procedure built into the SQL Server executable that is called when a connection is returned to the connection pool by a Data Access API.
spread-toolkit an open source toolkit that provides a high performance messaging service that is resilient to faults across local and wide area networks
spring-data-keyvalue The Spring Data KeyValue provides out of the box support for java.util.Map based repository implementations
spring-cloud-gateway null
spring-auto-restdocs an extension of Spring REST Docs
sqlalchemy-continuum a versioning and auditing extension for SQLAlchemy.
sqlalchemy-utils null
sql-data-services null
sql-default-instance null
sqlsitemapprovider null
stamps.com For questions involving the stamps.com API.
square-wire a Java implementation of Google's Protocol Buffers.
silverfrost-fortran for questions specifically relating to the Silverfrost Fortran compiler for Windows, also known as Salford FTN95
silverlight.fx null
silkjs a command shell built on top of Google's v8 JavaScript engine, highly optimized for server-side applications.
sitefinity-6.x null
sitecore-mobile-sdk an extension designed to allow content from the Sitecore Experience Platform to be used across multiple native Mobile platforms using the Xamarin platform
simplejmx a Java library that provides classes that simplify the publishing of objects using Java’s Management Extensions
shdocvw.internetexplorer the COM API for automation of Internet Explorer windows
solarwinds-orion null
software-release for all questions related to the software release process.
smie GNU Emacs Simple Minded Indentation Engine
sml-mode a major Emacs mode for editing Standard ML
smack-stack The big data software stack consisting of Spark, Mesos, Akka, Cassandra and Kafka
sketch.js an easy-to-use jQuery plugin that allows you to create canvases upon which visitors can draw.
ivona A text-to-speech synthesis system run by Amazon
izip For questions relating to the izip iteration function in the Python programming language.
itunesu a service that was created to manage, distribute, and control access to educational audio and video content and PDF files for students within a college or university as well as the broader Internet
itable null
itanium-abi null
kendo-droptarget actually a one of the dragg-drop functions of kendoUI framework use to target the drop container of the element.
kdelibs The library API for KDE platform.
karma-qunit QUnit adapter for the Karma test runner.
kaspersky null
karma-systemjs null
kafkacat generic non-JVM producer and consumer for Apache Kafka 0.8
k-9mail null
k2-smartobjects business entities that aggregate data across applications and line of business systems
kendo-slider A slider component of the Kendo UI framework
kendo-gauge a Kendo widget is used to let users quickly understand where a value lies in a certain range
buildengine null
buildhive null
bukkit-vault a Permissions, Chat, & Economy API for Bukkit plugins.
bullet-span null
metric-system null
microsoft.sdc.tasks a collection of MSBuild tasks designed to make your life easier
microsoft-accelerator a high-level data parallel library which uses parallel processors such as the GPU or multicore CPU to accelerate execution
egnyte a company that provides software for enterprise file synchronization and sharing
cgiapp null
cggradientref null
cfnotification null
cgm a two-dimensional vector graphics format.
cgkeycode null
cgkit Python Computer Graphics Kit
ora-08177 ORA-08177: can't serialize access for this transaction
ora-01704 null
ora-01790 null
ora-27101 Oracle Error Code/Message:
ora-28002 ORA-28002: the password will expire within X days
superpreview a Microsoft Expressions initiative that allows you to perform browser compatibility testing on your pages.
suman null
sun-coding-conventions Sun Coding Conventions refers to the original coding standards for the Java programming language
message-system null
metacpan null
mercadopagosdk null
mercurial-bigfiles Mercurial Bigfiles extension allows, for memory and performances reasons, to keep files bigger than 10Mb versioned without checking in.
mercurial-convert The Mercurial Convert extension converts repositories from other SCMs into Mercurial or Subversion repositories, with options for filtering and renaming.
vaadin-date-picker a free Web Component providing a date selection field with scrollable month calendar
vagrant-gatling-rsync An rsync watcher for Vagrant 1.5.1+ that uses fewer host resources at the potential cost of more rsync actions.
utm-tracking a simple code that you can attach to a custom URL in order to track a source, medium, and campaign name
v+ for the Adept Technology specific coding language V+.
diet-js null
dhcpobjs null
gamecanvas The GameCanvas class provides the basis for a game user interface.
game-maker-legacy Older Game Maker versions , not Studio.
gaze-buttons buttons that fires a click event when you gaze a while to a button
gaul an open-source framework for genetic and evolutionary algorithms and related heuristics.
gather null
gapdebug null
rockbox a free replacement firmware for digital music players
rom-rb Tag for questions related to Ruby Object Mapper project
rosters null
alternator Alternator - A DynamoDB Mock Server
cvv8 null
aframe-react null
agavi a scalable PHP MVC application framework that enables developers to create clean, maintainable and extensible code for all kinds of applications
agfx null
agouti a library for writing browser-based acceptance tests in Google Go.
packetdotnet .NET assembly for dissecting and constructing network packets such as Ethernet, IP, TCP, UDP etc.
p4win null
p99 a C99 macro library for C99.
p2-director application inside Eclipse that can be invoked from command line to do provision operations like install/uninstall
quincykit a live management of crash reports for Mac OS X and iOS.
quickpay null
quicktypebar null
quick-union null
r2html an HTML exportation package for R objects containing functions and methods to write in an HTML file.
appcompat-v7-toolbar null
app-elements null
apache-bahir Apache Bahir provides extensions to multiple distributed analytic platforms, extending their reach with a diversity of streaming connectors and SQL data sources.
apple-photos Photo management and editing application developer by Apple for OS X.
app-lab null
appengine-pipeline null
angularjs-rails null
android-wrap-content null
android-wear-complication elements that can be added to an Android Wear watch face to display additional data, and optionally provide direct access to apps/features on the wearable.
android-variants null
angular-require null
android-editable null
atag part of a series of accessibility guidelines, including the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines and the User Agent Accessibility Guidelines .
audit.net An extensible framework to audit executing operations in .NET
aurelia-templating-router null
aurelia-ui-framework a framework built on Aurelia for desktop business application.
authhttp null
avsc Pure JavaScript implementation of the Avro specification .
avaudiosessiondelegate null
availability-monitoring null
astc Adaptive Scalable Texture Compression is a lossy block-based texture compression algorithm developed by Jørn Nystad et al
asp.net-core-security null
archive-file null
archimate The ArchiMate® Enterprise Architecture Modeling Language is an open and independent modeling language for Enterprise Architecture
argument-matching the process by which the actual arguments passed to a function are matched to the formal arguments of the function
ascom a loosely-knit group of astronomy software developers and astronomy device manufacturers.
adwords-budgetservice null
alanning-roles null
akswiftslidemenu null
akka-dispatcher null
adaption null
adaptive-icon null
adaptive-compression null
adobe-stratus null
adabas-natural the language associated with SOFTWARE AG's ADABAS database system, for IBM Mainframes and now available in other flavours.
active-script The Active Script rule format provides a mechanism that allows business rules to be implemented using a range of procedural programming languages that support the ActiveX scripting engine standard.
android-enterprise null
amp-ad null
ami.js JavaScript library for medical imaging using threejs.
amdefine null
amd-app Tag for topics regarding the AMD Accelerated Parallel Processing framework.
alibaba-cloud-ecs Alibaba Cloud Elastic Compute Service
allatori For discussion about the Allatori Java Obfuscator
postgres-plpython null
pow.cx A zero-config Rack server for Mac OS X
postico null
postcss-cli null
elasticsearch2 null
shape-context A feature descriptor used for measuring shape similarity in visual object recognition.
abyss a web server run on Windows, Mac OS, and Linux created by Aprelium
3d-mapping null
accuracerdb a single-file client/server embedded database for Delphi, C++Builder and Kylix.
2d-engine null
containeros null
comdat-folding null
commandbox a tool providing a command line interface for developer productivity, tool interaction, package management, embedded CFML server, and application scaffolding.
comparisonchain The Guava libraries define a ComparisonChain class that can be used when multiple Comparator objects need to be compared.
codesandbox null
exact-synergy-enterprise null
ember-charts null
create.js a comprehensive web editing interface for Content Management Systems
cratejoy an online platform for creating subscription commerce sites.
content-porter-2009 a software tool to migrate content and templates from one SDL Tridion Environment to another.
cordova-3.8.0 null
copy-database-wizard The Copy Database Wizard moves or copies databases between SQL Server Instances.
copilot null
copperlicht an open source JavaScript library/API for creating games and interactive 3D applications using WebGL, developed by Ambiera
cycle-sort null
d3py d3py ia a plotting library for python based on d3
d1 the initial version of the D programmming language .
cssedit a program for web design totally focused on editing CSS owned by MacRabbit.
csscomb a CSS beautifier
csrss Client/Server Runtime Subsystem
cssadapter null
csb null
crystal-reports-12 null
django-auditlog null
dev-phone null
devops-insights null
directory-upload Directory upload can refer to action or function of traversing and sending directory data from a local system to a remote system such as a server or another client with the intent that the remote syst…
dphibernate a custom Flex Library and a custom BlazeDS Hibernate adapter that work together to give you support for lazy loading of hibernate objects from inside your flex applications.
dojo-1.6 an open source modular JavaScript library designed to ease the rapid development of cross-platform, JavaScript/Ajax-based applications and web sites.
doh-robot a UI testing API for the Dojo Objective Harness unit testing framework.
dom7 Framework7 doesn't use any third party library, even for DOM manipulation
django-sslify a pluggable django app that forces SSL on a Django site
dlms DLMS is a widely used standard in electronic meters and devices
djangular an integration package for wrapping django view methods in angularJS $http calls.
document-oriented null
dlx a RISC processor architecture, intended primarily for teaching purposes and widely used in university-level computer architecture courses.
demand-paging In computer operating systems, demand paging is a method of virtual memory management
dendropy a Python library for phylogenetic computing.
dentrix a software application developed by Dentrix Dental Systems, Inc and is meant to be used by Dental Clinics.
deldir An R package to calculates the Delaunay triangulation and the Dirichlet or Voronoi tessellation of a planar point set.
delegated-properties null
delphi4php a Rapid Application Development environment for developing PHP applications with a designer, editor, debugger and component framework
decimal.js An arbitrary-precision Decimal type for JavaScript.
decent-exposure null
dead-key a special kind of a modifier key on a computer keyboard that is used to attach a specific diacritic to a base letter
dcg-semicontext with Prolog when using DCG and using a semicontext.
dcf77 a longwave time signal and standard-frequency radio station.
dd-belatedpng null
dcop an inter-process communication daemon by KDE used in K Desktop Environment 3.
dataviewmanager null
data-transform null
datacash A Payment Provider owned by MasterCard, who provide e-commerce services to a range of businesses
dache Distributed caching for .net applications
dane DNS-based Authentication of Named Entities is a protocol to allow X.509 certificates, commonly used for Transport Layer Security , to be bound to DNS names using Domain Name System Securit…
dapper-fluentmap a simple API to map POCO properties to database columns when using Dapper
bstr-t null
bufferblock null
burstly an in-application advertising management tool to help mobile app developers optimize their ad space and inventory
bootstro a JS library taking advantage of bootstrap's popover to help guide users around a page.
botdetect null
bootstrap-sortable a library that adds sorting ability to bootstrap table.
browser-api null
c#-7.1 for questions specific to C# 7.1, released on 16 August 2017
carabiner a JS/CSS Asset management library for CodeIgniter
camel-quickfix a Camel extension for working with the Quickfix/J library.
bitmovin-player null
bitfoo null
bitcoinlib null
bjoern A screamingly fast, ultra-lightweight WSGI server for CPython, written in C using Marc Lehmann's high performance libev event loop and Ryan Dahl's http-parser.
bizdays An R package to calculate business days based on holidays.
biweekly an iCalendar library written in Java.
bootstrap.min.css null
blogml an open XML standard for describing the contents of a blog.
b-method null
bluetooth-5 null
bluespec Bluespec language, a high-level functional hardware description programming language
bluetooth-oob Out of band Bluetooth pairing - for example via NFC.
better-listview A better WinForms listview control from ComponentOwl aptly named BetterListView.
biginsight-examples BigInsight Examples refers to a github repository that contains example projects to help you quickly get started with BigInsights
base-n null
behemoth an open source platform for large scale document processing based on Apache Hadoop.
bandit Anything related to the Bandit Ruby gem
baobab JavaScript persistent and optionally immutable data tree with cursors.
barebones null
azure-oms for questions related to Operations Management Suite is a collection of cloud-based services for managing your on-premises and cloud environments
azure-public-ip null
azure-speech null
wif4.5 null
embedded-media null
embed-tag null
embedding-lookup null
embeddable-reporting Embeddable Reporting lets you run IBM® Cognos® Business Intelligence reports within your Bluemix™ environment.
cachingframework.redis .NET Redis client library based on StackExchange.Redis.
cacheprofile null
cache-locality null
ca-api-gateway questions regarding the API gateway from CA Technologies
wheel-factorization a method for performing a preliminary reduction in the number of potential primes from the initial set of all natural numbers 2 and greater; possibly prior to passing the result…
whatwg-streams-api for questions about the Streams API of the web platform.
c1richtextbox null
pocketgrid a simple and small CSS Grid System entirely based on CSS rules to define elements size.
poet for questions about Poet, a web framework for Mason
cmake-server null
c-minus-minus a C-like programming language designed to be generated by compilers, rather than human programmers.
cfclient used for client-side ColdFusion development
cfbitvector null
centos-web-panel null
chdropboxsync null
c-header http://stackoverflow.com/documentation/c/6257/create-and-include-header-files#t=201701041641179407709
checkboxtree a jquery plugin to have a hierarchical tree with checkboxes at each node
chainability null
clienthttprequest null
clienthttpstack null
clientbin null
cl-ppcre CL-PPCRE - Portable Perl-compatible regular expressions for Common Lisp
ci20 MIPS Creator CI20 development board
cim null
cidr-netmask null
circular-content-carousel a jQuery plugin to provide an image carousel, only with page content instead of images.
less-plugins an open-source stylesheet preprocessor that extends CSS with dynamic behavior such as variables, mixins, operations and functions
let-binding null
let-over-lambda null
libtermkey A terminal event handling library.
libwcs a library of utility subroutines, written in portable C, for setting and using the world coordinate system of a FITS or IRAF image.
libsoup a GLib based HTTP client and server library
libsystem null
laravel-helper null
leantween an efficient tweening engine for Unity 3D
lapis For questions related to web framework for Lua and OpenResty.
kotlin-reified-type-parameters refer type at runtime, work for inline function only
kovenant null
kparts the component framework for the KDE desktop environment.
language-recognition null
knockout-extensions a set of extensions and bindings for the Javascript library KnockoutJs
keypaths null
knyle-style-sheet A documentation standard for writing more understandable CSS which auto generates a style guide
koala-framework an open source framework for web applications and websites implemented in PHP 5 and JavaScript
kobold-kit null
kotlin-logging Lightweight logging framework for Kotlin
koloboke Questions regarding Koloboke collections Java library.
kohana-routing null
kerl a tool that runs scripts to assist in the building and installation of Erlang/OTP instances.
jyaml YAML library for Java
kendo-ui-splitter null
linq-to-wiki a library that provides LINQ query capabilities to .NET languages against any web site powered by MediaWiki software.
linux-standard-base Linux Standard Base SDK introduces the way to develop closed binary applications that can run across multiple Linux distributions
licenseslicx null
light-scattering stands for absorption and emission of light inside transparent materials.
lobo an extensible all-Java web browser and RIA platform
lockbox-2 an open source encrypting library for Delphi Pascal dialect.
location-history null
loadermax An AS3 loading system
liquid-haskell For questions pertaining to the LiquidHaskell static verifier.
malmo an open-source cross-language AI framework built off of the game Minecraft, consisting of a Minecraft Forge mod installed on the game and a separate application framework
malbolge a public domain esoteric programming language invented by Ben Olmstead in 1998, named after the eighth circle of hell in Dante's Inferno, the Malebolge.
makepdf MakePDF provides MS Windows users with a GUI and command-line environment for converting Postscript files to PDF.
macvlan null
machina.js a JavaScript framework for highly customizable finite state machines
macropy an implementation of Syntactic Macros in the Python Programming Language
low-bandwidth null
lorenz-system a system of ordinary differential equations first studied by Edward Lorenz.
lwuit-layouts Layout managers allow a Container to arrange its components by a set of rules that would be adapted for specific screen/font sizes.
logz.io null
lookback software on mobile devices that has the ability to record user experiences
jazelle null
jemdoc null
jasmine-marbles null
jasonette Native App over HTTP - Quite a different way to make an app
jaml a JavaScript template engine used to render HTML using JavaScript
ionic-devapp null
ionic2-datetime null
iorderedqueryable null
interface-injection an implementation of dependency injection.
isomorphic-relay For questions related to isomorphic-relay and isomorphic-relay-router, the libraries that enable server-side rendering of React Relay containers.
iso-19794 used to Biometric data interchange formats which has the concept of face recognition.
islandora an open-source software framework designed to help institutions and organizations and their audiences collaboratively manage, and discover digital assets using a best-practices framework.…
iservicebehaviors null
isabout null
jooq-sbt-plugin null
jpa-rs null
jpage null
jquery-highlightfade null
jpreloader null
jqbargraph easy-to-use jQuery plugin for displaying your data as bar graphs
jolie null
jinfo jinfo prints Java configuration information for a given Java process or core file or a remote debug server
jsmovie jquery-plugin to animate image sequences
jsf-stateless for questions related to >
jsonb-api For questions about Java API for JSON Binding , part of Java EE 8.
jsonapiframework null
jsonhttpclient to be used when referring to third party client created by Marin Todorov .
jsonnet a data templating language which compiles to JSON.
jsonml an application of the JSON format.
mentionsinput.js for questions about usage, debugging, and help with the mentionsInput add-on to jQuery.
mcrypt-js A javascript version of php's mcrypt
mcpd an acronym which stands for Microsoft Certified Professional Developer.
megasync desktop tool for Windows, giving MEGA account holders access to their cloud-based files via their computers.
meteor-mobile Meteor gives you a radically simpler way to build realtime mobile and web apps, entirely in JavaScript from one code base
meteor-kitchen primarily used when the meteor application is created using meteorkitchen and the question is related to using meteor-kitchen
microsoft-odata null
managed-file null
mass-package for question about the MASS Package for the programming language R
manyrelatedmanager null
max-pool-size Max-pool-size gives the maximum size of a connection pool in a server .
mbt approach to system testing where model is considered as a source for test cases which create test suite.
mbrace a simple programming model for scalable cloud data scripting and programming with F# and C#
mbf null
mcjit null
mclust null
mcapi null
mathematica-cdf null
mathematical-packages null
mod-spdy null
mod-negotiation null
miller-columns a browsing/visualization technique that can be applied to tree structures
migrator.net null
mindscape null
msdev null
node-heapdump null
nsdistributednotification The NSDistributedNotificationCenter class provides a way to send notifications to objects in other tasks.
objc-category null
nvlink a powerful tool which provides automatic vertex shader generation.
nude.js a JavaScript implementation of a nudity scanner.
nuget-cli null
nslogger an NSLog replacement library
nsxmlnode nodes in the abstract, logical tree structure that represents an XML document
ntrusign digital signature algorithm based on lattices which is assumed to be quantum computer secure in contrast to RSA and ECC
nswindowrestoration The NSWindowRestoration protocol defines the method that restoration classes must implement to handle the recreation of windows.
neolane an marketing automation company that provides services for sending mass marketing emails.
neomake null
nervana-neon null
nerves-project Questions about http://nerves-project.org
neo4j-dotnet-driver null
nanodbc a database access library written in C++ as a small wrapper for the native ODBC API in C.
nebula-test Classes specific to testing a Gradle project, leveraging Spock
mvc.jquery.datatables null
namecoin null
ibm-mobilefirst-windows null
ibmi null
httptaskasynchandler a .NET class that provides various methods which can be used from an HTTP task handler to process asynchronous tasks.
html5sortable jQuery plugin that uses HTML5 for draggable and sortable lists.
html-box-gadget null
homomorphism intended for questions related to transforming code or data while maintaining its functionality or metadata
htmldocumentclass null
historical-debugging null
hllapi null
hive-query null
heroku-ssl an SSL feature from Heroku that uses Server Name Indication , an extension of the TLS protocol, that allows Heroku to terminate SSL on its router.
hexavigesimal A hexavigesimal numeral system has a base of twenty-six.
helix-server A streaming media server developed by RealNetworks
helpcontext null
herbert using herbert plugin frame work to create plugin
helpndoc null
help-viewer-1.0 null
heideltime an open-source, multi-lingual and domain-sensitive temporal tagger
iisvdir null
ijg null
iiif The International Image Interoperability Framework is a set of APIs developed to make it easier to support interoperability between image repositories
imake A build automation system written for the X Window System
image-transcoding Anything related to image transcoding, i.e
iextensibledataobject null
ifd Physical Interface Device
installr null
install-sequence null
inquirer null
inext An R package providing simple functions to compute and plot two types rarefaction and extrapolation of species diversity for individual-based
git-husky a Git hook
gitkit used for Google's Identity Toolkit library for Node server, which can be found at https://github.com/googlesamples/identity-toolkit-node
georuby null
geraldo a reports engine for Python and Django .
getbuffer null
gnm a R package to fit generalized nonlinear models
go-agent null
git-skip-worktree null
google-maps-premium-plan null
google-cloud-powershell Question related to Google's Cloud Tools for PowerShell
gwt-2.3 null
gvariant variant datatype that stores type and value, it can be concurrently accessed in any way from any number of threads
hardy-ramanujan null
hardware-security-module null
hapi-fhir-android-library Open-source implementation of the FHIR specification in Java.
guitext a ui element for displaying text which is used inside unity3d before unity version 4.6.
grunt-contrib-haml A Haml to HTML converter plugin using the Grunt JavaScript Task Manager
guide4you null
groupdocs a vendor of .NET, Java, and Cloud APIs used to create, modify, and convert Office documents like Word, Excel, PDF, PowerPoint, and Project files.
grover a YUI Test wrapper for PhantomJS
gruber null
google-settings null
google-place-report An app can create a place report to indicate that the device is currently located at a particular place
grails-cache The Grails Cache plugin provides powerful and easy to use caching functionality to Grails applications and plugins
grails-3.2.0.m2 for version 3.2.0.m2 only, use grails-3.2 for version 3.2 or grails tag for general question about grails Web application framework
gridviewheader null
envstats An R package to conduct environmental statistics.
enzyme-to-snapshot null
erasure-code Forward error correction code for the binary erasure channel, which transforms a message of k symbols into a longer message with n symbols such that the original message can be recov…
ept Extended page table for intel vmx address translation
endpoint-address null
empy a python text templating system, based on expansions.
emoji-tones Relating to skin-tone variations of emoji characters.
ember-tools Generators and build tools for Ember applications
ezswipecontroller null
exxeleron-q Open source libraries for building `kdb+` system and IPC communication with various languages provided by exxeleron.
ext-panel null
extract-method In Gradle, if a couple of tasks share the same logic you can extract this logic into a method.
exit-intent null
exotel-api null
exen null
duckyscript null
duke null
dummynet a live network emulation tool, originally designed for testing networking protocols, and since then used for a variety of applications including bandwidth management.
dynamicpdf-table2 A class in a DynamicPDF Generator Professional Edition by ceTe Software.
dynamic-picklist-vtiger In vtiger, the Picklist Editor allows making a custom dropdown.
dynamicparameters null
dynamics-gp-api null
drf-extensions null
drf-queryset null
driverless-ai null
ds9 an astronomical image visualization application developed by the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory.
dsdt null
dst-embroidery the Tajima Design file format used for storing embroidery patterns.
dsss null
dragger The library was created in order to provide new animations for activities on Android
edify a scripting language used for updating software in certain mobile devices.
e71 null
edtftpj null
elastisch A minimalistic Clojure client for ElasticSearch
elm-maybe null
electric-cloud null
elerea a functional reactive programming package for Haskell
form-alter null
forever-frame HTML frames used for infinitely sending requests to servers instead of polling.
fundamentals-ts The C++ Technical Specification
friday null
freehep an open source Java Library oriented to code dealing with High Energy Physics
gabba null
g95 null
g++-5 null
gdata-objectivec-client null
gdx-pay null
fetched-properties null
fence-plots null
failonerror null
f#-compiler-services null
final-class simply a class that can't be extended.
flajaxian null
fiware-pegasus an application to deploy complex environments composed of several virtual machines with products installed on them.
spherical-kmeans normalized, and distance measure is cosine dissimilarity.
spgwr null
speech-recognition-api for Apple speech recognition api, that was introduce with iOS 10
woe-id Spatial entities provided by Yahoo! GeoPlanet are referenced by a 32-bit identifier: the Where On Earth ID
specta A light-weight TDD / BDD framework for Objective-C & Cocoa
index-sequence null
indexedrdd Key-value store implementation for Apache Spark
index.dat null
in-addr null
inclued The inclued PHP extension reports which, and where, files are included in a PHP application.
nclam null
ncks null
ncftp null
navparams null
navigation-framework null
nastran a finite element analysis program that was originally developed for NASA in the late 1960s under United States government funding for the aerospace industry.
mysql-error-1415 null
mysql-error-1030 null
mysqlcheck null
dotimage a proprietary .NET Imaging SDK by Atalasoft to view, capture, and annotate images & PDF.
dot2tex a tool that renders graphs specified in the DOT language into PGF/Tikz images for inclusion in LaTeX documents.
splicer a library for the .Net framework that aims to simplify developing applications for editing and encoding audio and video using DirectShow.
spkac an acronym that stands for Signed Public Key and Challenge
splunk-sdk null
sifteo a programmable game system consisting of cubes with displays and sensors that coordinate wirelessly via a master cube.
shpaml null
show-sql null
dotnet-sdk null
aws-sdk-mock Easily mock aws-sdk API methods to enable easier testing of applications which use the AWS SDK for JavaScript
aws-service-catalog AWS Service Catalog allows IT administrators to create, manage, and distribute portfolios of approved products to end users, who can then access the products they need in a personalized portal
axi4 null
binsor null
binary-repository a software tool designed to optimize the download and storage of binary files used and produced in software development
solritas VelocityResponseWriter enables Apache Solr to respond with content generated from Velocity templates.
sourcekitservice null
sourcelink SourceLink allows .NET library users to download on demand the exact version of the source files.
soundbuffer null
sony-future-lab-n For questions relating to Sony Future Labs Concept N
libnids an implementation of an E-component of Network Intrusion Detection System.
mdc-components null
libreplan a collaborative tool to plan, monitor and control projects and has a rich web interface which provides a desktop alike user experience.
libcrafter a high level library for C++ designed to make easier the creation and decoding of network packets.
gli-gem a Ruby gem that parses arguments for command-line programs that accept commands followed by arguments.
globalization-pipeline a Bluemix service that provides machine translation and editing capabilities that enable rapid translation of web or mobile UI.
glassfish-webspace null
visual-studio-automation null
dynamic-expresso null
abstract-function functions that can not be used
aba The A-B-A problem refers to the situation where a variable is changed from A to B and then back to A again
lucene.net.linq a .net library that enables LINQ queries to run natively on a Lucene.Net index.
lsuielement a Mac OS X type of application that runs in the background but can also show windows and accept user input
gitzilla Python magic to support Git-Bugzilla integration.
git-webhooks Questions related to using and implementing WebHooks with respect to Git version control system
lumenize intended to be used for questions involving the Lumenize library
lwuit-combobox a list that allows only one selection at a time, when a user clicks the combo box a popup button with the full list of elements allows the selection of a single element.
genius-api null
geographic-lib null
genuinechannels null
totp Time-based One-Time Password algorithm is an algorithm that computes a one-time password from a shared secret key and the current time.
php-fig PHP Framework Interoperability Group
php-printer null
inkmanager A .NET class in the Windows 8 ink system, providing handwriting recognition
class-level null
claudia.js null
ckfetchnotificationchange null
ckrecordzone CKRecordZone, a class of iOS CloudKit.
clarius-visual-t4 a Text Template editor for Visual Studio.
classformatexception null
phpws WebSocket Server and Client library for PHP
coffeescript-resources null
android-tap-and-pay For questions related to the developing tap and pay apps with android-pay api
expression-body null
expression-design null
expressionengine-stash an extension to the ExpressionEngine template language.
external-data-source null
sn The Strong Name tool helps sign assemblies with strong names.
sniffy a java profiler.
coliru A free to use service to run live examples of code
collection-json a hypermedia format used to manage collections and items in a REST api
colocation null
gs-collections a collections framework for Java
gts null
mobli a real-time visual media platform made up of subject-based channels such as people, places and topics
mochi null
mobilefirst-geolocation null
grunt-includes A grunt task for including a file within another file .
slashdot a JavaScript plugin that creates a stylish collapsible menu modelled after the navigational menu found on the technology-related news website, Slashdot.
skyfloatinglabeltextfield null
skyepub Use for programming or development questions related to epub 3 SDK
tinymapper A quick object-object mapper for .NET
tinkergraph a lightweight, in-memory graph database that serves as the reference implementation for the property graph model in Apache TinkerPop.
android-management-api The Android Management API provides a way to manage enterprise devices and apps, whether you specialize in developing enterprise mobility management software or are developing an in-house soluti…
mod-auth-form This Apache 2.3 module allows the use of an HTML login form to restrict access by looking up users in the given providers
mockrestserviceserver null
androidinjector null
nodequeue a Drupal module allows users to collect nodes in an arbitrarily ordered list.
node-opencv null
nominet the domain registry for `.uk` domains based in the United Kingdom.
plates a light-weight, logic-less, DSL-free, templates for all javascript environments.
player.io platform to build multiplayer online games with clients in C#, Flash/ActionScript, Unity3d.
pkgsrc null
pixlr null
pixel-fonts null
cdbs null
cautoptr null
offscreentabs offscreenTabs was a Chrome Extension API which allowed developers to create and render invisible tabs.
oh-my-fish null
ojo ojo stands for oss.jfrog.org - a free Artifactory instance for OSS developers who have packages in bintray.com jcenter repository
olpc null
olsrd null
connect-compose The IBM® Connect & Compose for Bluemix® service provides you with two sets of capability to create APIs
apache-utils the tools provided by Apache Web Server
srware-iron a free browser forked from Google's Chrome/Chromium browser
murky null
xpath-3.1 the current version of XPath, finalized in March of 2017
xpath-api null
xshell a terminal emulator that supports SSH, SFTP, TELNET, RLOGIN and SERIAL.
easyblog null
easycwmp new client CWMP, which is fully conform to the standard Broadband forum amendement2
easy-webpack null
ebuild a next generation build tool which automates many of the tasks involved in setting up and maintaining a project workspace.
echo3 an open-source framework for developing rich web applications
preserve-3d null
pre-packaged null
rtbkit a real-time bidder framework designed for use on advertising exchanges such as the Rubicon Project, Nexage, App Nexus, The Google Ad Exchange and others
priam a Co-Process for backup/recovery, Token Management, and Centralized Configuration management for Cassandra
hypodermic an IoC container for C++11
i18n-tasks Questions about the i18n-tasks Ruby Gem.
iaca IACA is a static analysis tool made by Intel to assist programmers in scheduling instructions optimally for its modern Intel architecture processors, starting wi…
iadstsuserex null
prefix-notation null
hybris-data-hub null
hxml a build file that enumerates options to pass to the Haxe compiler.
hyperledger-cello null
hugin null
mpavcontroller null
mostjs null
mouse-buttons null
brickhouse null
brightstardb For questions related to BrightstarDB, an open source RDF database for the .NET platform.
searchify a hosted full-text search service with faceted search, autocomplete, geolocation search, and client libraries in Ruby, Python, PHP, Java, Go, .NET, and others.
brainscript null
foxycart an e-commerce checkout system which can be setup with any kind web programming environment.
foxyproxy an advanced proxy management tool for Firefox, Chorme and IE
adexchange null
securepay null
securezeromemory designed to be a more secure version of ZeroMemory.This function is a more secure version of the Platform SDK memory management function ZeroMemory
secure-trading the UK's leading independent payment processor enabling online transactions using credit and debit cards as well as methods such as Paypal and Ukash
securitytrimmingenabled null
searchmanager null
foundation-equalizer for issues related with Foundation plugins named Equalizer.
foshttpcachebundle null
scorep a highly scalable and easy-to-use tool suite for profiling, event tracing, and online analysis of HPC applications.
scope-id null
rtml the proprietary language used by Yahoo for their ecommerce hosting services
scriptdb a simple console app written in C# that uses SQL Management Objects to script all the objects in a database
scrimage a Scala image library for manipulating and processing of images
script-element a tag about the scripts that can be implementend inside the script element tag.
graphileon the developer of Graphileon InterActor, an enhanced user-interface to graph-databases and a development platform for graph-based applications.
gridbagsizer null
flask-kvsession null
flask-potion a RESTful API framework for Flask and various Python ORMs
gridify null
flexy-pool a connection pool monitoring framework that allows you to get a better insight into how the pool is being used.
kismet-wireless Programming question about Kismet wireless network detector, sniffer, and intrusion detection system.
keyword-spotting null
keywordstats null
kiip a mobile advertising network that enables brands and companies to prompt consumers for commercial offers on virtual achievements.
kite-dataset Used for dataset questions related to Kite Software Development Kit.
kiwi-irc null
klepto A python library for persistent caching to memory, disk, or database
ui-helper null
uiglassbutton null
magento-2.2.1 null
uidl null
uickeychainstore null
idea-plugin Please don't use this tag
ideserializationcallback null
multi-release-jar MRJAR short for Multi-Release JAR has been introduced in Java 9 for multiple release specific meta info specified in the metadata of the JAR
multiprogramming null
idlj The IDL to Java compiler that reads an IDL file and translates it, or maps it, to a Java interface.
iecapt a small command-line utility to capture Internet Explorer's rendering of a web page into a BMP, JPEG or PNG image file.
spring-flex Spring Flex or rather Spring BlazeDS Integration is a top-level Spring project, and a component of the complete Spring Web stack
spring-security-saml2 null
google-instant-previews null
jquery.form.js null
jquery.address a plugin of jQuery that is used to create the unique virtual addresses.
java2word a Library to generate MS Word Documents from Java code without any special components.
javafx-datepicker null
javascript-1.8 Version 1.8 of the JavaScript language.
javarebel a plug-in for the Java Virtual Machine that enables instant reloading of changes made to a Java class file.
unit-class-library null
universal-react null
universalindentgui null
unity-test-tools a test framework for the games and interactive content made in the Unity game engine.
systemeventlistener null
date-sunrise null
nscfnumber null
system.interactive null
system.js null
nsbasic null
npm-cli null
nph NPH mode means `no-parsed-header' in CGI.
conversion-wizard null
controlvalueaccessor null
vsflexgrid null
vpim null
db.js An IndexedDB convenience library which prefers Promises over events.
dbatools null
dbghost SQL server management toolset for Source Scripting, Building, Comparing, Synchronizing, Creating Delta Scripts, Upgrading, and Packaged Remote Delivery
dbstop null
dbup null
autoexp.dat a mechanism the Visual Studio IDE uses to optimize the display of data structures
ctp-file null
csvtoarray CSV file conversion to an array.
css-rem null
vssget null
csso a CSS minimizer
css-friendly a tool kit for ASP.Net that allows to modify the way that our server ASP.NET controls are shown on the browser.
sbt-rjs An SBT plugin to perform RequireJs optimization.
sbt-osgi a plugin for sbt to to create OSGi bundles.
scalameter a performance testing framework for Scala, Java and other JVM languages.
scala-primary-constructor In the Scala Language, the primary constructor is the main constructor of a class
saxon-js null
docker-link null
docker-copy null
docker-datacenter Docker Datacenter brings container management and deployment services to enterprises with a production-ready platform supported by Docker and hosted locally behind the firewall
docker-aws null
design-choices null
dependency-tree null
gf a programming language for multilingual grammar applications.
gff a file format used for describing genes and other features of DNA, RNA and protein sequences.
ilrepack null
gift A Node.js wrapper for the Git CLI with an API based on Grit
ggmosaic An R package to create mosaic plots in the 'ggplot2' framework.
ggimage An R package aims to support image ﬁles and graphic objects visualization based on 'ggplot2' graphic system.
bcg the abbreviation for the Business Components Gallery
beeswarm null
minimesos Testing infrastructure for Apache Mesos frameworks
llvm-cov The llvm-cov tool shows code coverage information for programs that are instrumented to emit profile data
lnk2022 null
liverail A monetization platform for publishers
livegraph a framework for real-time data visualisation, analysis and logging.
ansible-pull null
anonymous-arrays null
antd-mobile null
anymote a messaging protocol that applications on a remote device use to communicate with Google TV.
aolserver AOL's multi-threaded, Tcl-based, scalable open source web server.
gyroscope-framework a PHP framework that implements a set of UIs that visualize and modify the relationships among database entries.
hadoop-archive special format archives
gxui An experimental Go cross-platform UI library.
gwt-polymer A generator for creating GWT java wrappers around polymer elements.
gwt-mosaic null
openswan null
openshift-web-console null
opensearchdescription null
file-length null
filenet-cpe null
threestate In logic, a three state logic is one from several many-valued logic systems.
uitextarea null
webbbs null
web-app-manifest null
weak-symbol A weak symbol denotes a specially annotated symbol during linking of elf object files.
wcf-rest-starting-guide null
jdk-tools A set of programming tools that help developers to cteate, debug, maintain, or otherwise support other programs and applications in Java.
jcanvascript a javascript library that provides you methods to manage with the content of a HTML5 canvas element easily.
jceks null
hibernate-validation null
uls a component which writes SharePoint Foundation events to the SharePoint Trace Log, and stores them in the file system.
sip-stack an application-layer control protocol that can establish, modify, and terminate multimedia sessions such as Internet telephony calls
simple-web-token null
mogilefs an open source distributed filesystem.
molecule null
monary Monary provides a Python interface for fast column queries from MongoDB
mongodb-roles The builtin roles in mongo db.
objenesis a small Java library that serves one purpose of instantiating a new object of a particular class.
openpose Questions related to OpenPose, a real-time multi-person keypoint detection library for body, face, and hands estimation, written in C++ and internally using OpenCV and Caffe.
openrtsp null
etch a code name for the Debian GNU/Linux 4.0 release.
espruino null
symfony-filesystem The Symfony filesystem component provides basic utilities for the filesystem.
sycl a royalty-free, cross-platform abstraction layer that builds on the underlying concepts, portability and efficiency of OpenCL that enables code for heterogeneous processo…
zero-extension null
as88 an assembler, simulator, and tracer for the Intel 8088 processors
erlog an implementation of Standard Prolog done in Erlang.
zui null
zombiejs Fast, full-stack, headless browser testing using Node.js
zooz Payment processor with smart routing algorithms and user experience optimization tools
zinnia-entry null
zipexception null
zkcm a C++ library for multi-precision complex-number matrix calculations.
deep-web null
dedupeplugin null
pytest-benchmark null
pytagcloud a python module that lets you create simple tag clouds inspired by http://www.wordle.net/.
python-2.1 For issues relating to development in Python, version 2.1
nsruleeditor A view object that allows the user to visually create and configure a list of options which are expressed by the rule editor as a predicate.
nstableviewheader null
default-selected null
deferrable-constraint null
druby null
armclang Question related to ARM Compiler 6, which is based on LLVM.
drupal-db-api null
xmlattributecollection null
xmeans null
nstaggedpointerstring null
xfn an HTML microformat which represents human relationships with hyperlinks.
xinc a continuous integration server written in PHP 5
xlrelease null
openbase a relational database server that provides data storage and multi-user access for networked users.
open62541 null
oov words, terms, n-grams, etc in the fields of computational linguistics and natural language processing
onx a website, api and android app which allows a developer to remotely write javascript functions triggered by native device events such as unlocking the phone, receiving a phone call, etc.
oolong-engine a C++ / Objective-C game engine targeting iOS
streaming-algorithm an algorithm that receives its input one element at a time.
streaming-radio null
strength-reduction Replacing expensive operations with cheaper ones
opencv4ios Since 2012 a full integration from openCV 2.4.2 for iOS is available.
stormpath-express null
boost-functional null
chef12.0 null
chrome-extension-async null
taconite an Ajax framework to update a DOM without writing javascript
chibi-scheme Small Footprint Scheme for use as a C Extension Language
cheyenne an open-source HTTP server
worklight-skins IBM Worklight skins provide support for multiple form factors in a single executable file for devices of the same OS family.
react-create-app null
r-dygraphs null
rc-shell The command line interpreter for Version 10 Unix and Plan 9, or Byron Rakitzis's port of that interpreter to modern Unix-like OSes.
rdfs+ can be used for questions, which are related to RDFS+
wp-rewrite null
pymatgen a robust, open-source Python library for materials analysis.
wrench null
pyramid-analytics a web client that accesses olap cube data
py-postgresql Python 3 driver for connecting to PostgreSQL database servers
pyode an open-source set of Python bindings for The Open Dynamics Engine.
pymock an EasyMock like python mocking library
pyminuit Minuit numerical function minimization in Python.
pymox a mock object framework for Python
jrmp the Java technology-specific protocol for looking up and referencing remote objects
jrubyfx a pure ruby wrapper for JavaFX 2.2+ with FXML support.
jqxtree null
r-brew null
jquery-widget-factory Allows for creation of stateful jQuery plugins using the same abstraction as all jQuery UI widgets.
jquery-timing timing — a jQuery core plugin introducing the Deferred jQuery Chain
taint-checking null
tag-library-descriptor null
tagprefix null
tarantino a collection of libraries and tools to facilitate change management and development.
rxpermissions Android runtime permissions powered by RxJava
ordered-delivery null
phactory null
application-onerror null
osx-services OS X Services allow sharing data and capabilities across applications
osstatus null
ostrich a stat collector and configuration library from twitter
osg.js a JavaScript library based on OpenSceneGraph concepts
actionwebservice Action Web Service provides a way to publish interoperable web service APIs with Rails without spending a lot of time delving into protocol details.
actionbuilder Related to custom action builders of the Play Framework
actinic a software development company who manufacture components for E-Commerce web applications such as shopping carts.
act-as-taggable-on null
acrylic-material For use with questions related to background colors and textures
appsee a mobile focused analytical tool to track user interactions
application-warmup null
application-types null
go-playground a web service that runs on golang.org's servers
go-restful a Go package for developing REST services
gorethink null
gpolygon a graphical object whose appearance consists of a polygon.
google-weave null
for-attribute null
force-based-algorithm null
maven-install null
angular-gantt null
angularjs-log Simple service for logging
angularjs-lifecycle null
jobintentservice null
jmtp a project aimed at allowing Java programs to access MTP compatible portable media players
resultevent null
restfixture null
resthub a stack based on Spring and Backbone.js designed to build HTML5 applications easily and efficiently.
resque-status an extension to the resque queue system that provides simple trackable jobs.
google-ajax-search-api null
url-modification null
ups-worldship null
upwork-api Upwork API enables you to build your own applications and to integrate our features and workflow to your web-based or mobile apps.
sendgrid-rails null
sendgrid-api-v2 null
semantic-diff null
pdfparser null
typespec null
pdoc pdoc - A simple command line tool and library to auto generate API documentation for Python libraries.
maphilight null
pendulum null
marginalia a Clojure library that uses comments in a Clojure source-code file to create an enhanced documentation web page
viewlayout null
viewdiddisappear responding method of view events in UIViewController.
android-checkedtextview null
android-cab an action bar that displays actions for a particular task in an activity, such as editing or deleting multiple items in a list.
redbrick a data warehouse, Designed by IBM to handle large amounts of data almost effortlessly, this data mart and data warehouse is easy for you to install, use and administer.
redex null
redirectmode null
rediska PHP client for advanced key-value database Redis.
recursivetask null
red5-hls-plugin HLS plugin for Red5
recvmmsg null
parakeet a runtime compiler for scientific computing in Python which uses type inference, data parallel array operators, and a lot of black magic to make your code run faster.
session-reuse null
sessionstate-timeout null
session.socket.io null
service-virtualization a method to emulate the behavior of specific components in heterogeneous component-based applications such as API-driven applications, cloud-based applications and service-or…
firefox-headless null
iprogressdialog Exposes methods that provide options for an application to display a progress dialog box.
iphone-security for security related questions about iPhones and other iOS devices.
loginfo null
houghlines null
hpsa null
hsdev null
htc-hd2 a smartphone that runs on Android
windows-locationapi The Location API helps to simplify location-aware programming by providing a standard way to retrieve data about user location and standardizing formats for location data reports
fastzip null
fastpdfkit an iOS framework to create a pdf reader for iPhone and iPad and it includes a pdf parser.
fast-protocol The FAST protocol is a technology standard developed by FIX Protocol Ltd., specifically aimed at optimizing data representation on the network.
ngx-clipboard null
instsrv null
fault-tolerant-heap null
fbdev null
intellisense-documentati null
httpc null
public-cloud null
pulsesecure null
http-negotiate two kinds of content negotiation which are possible in HTTP: server-driven and agent-driven negotiation
rainbow-js a code syntax highlighting library written in JavaScript.
randori a framework, cross-compiler and IDE plugin that aid in developing large JavaScript applications.
testdirector null
queue-classic null
qf-test a GUI Test Tool for Java and Web.
transformgroup Represents a composite Transform composed of other Transform objects.
transient-failure null
qcalendarwidget null
qabstractslider The QAbstractSlider class, part of the Qt framework, provides an integer value within a range.
qdapregex a collection of regular expression tools associated with the qdap package that may be useful outside of the context of discourse analysis
corona-director null
cors-anywhere a NodeJS proxy which adds CORS headers to the proxied request.
pyvimeo null
countdownjs.js A simple JavaScript API for producing an accurate, intuitive description of the timespan between two Date instances.
stylevision a tool for designing reports and forms based on XML, SQL database, and XBRL inputs using XSLT.
captaris null
canvasengine A Framework to create video games in HTML5 Canvas
canonical-schema is a design pattern used in service-orientation design for exchanging message between services that use the same data model.
struts2-codebehind-plugin The Codebehind Plugin adds additional configuration options using annotations that reduces mundane configuration by adding conventions.
sts-simple-templatesystem a tool to create simple HTML templates to customize the look and feel of osCommerce.
style-transfer null
stuarray null
struct-vs-class null
ipreviewhandler null
iqueryable.toarray null
subcomponent null
subant null
camino an OSX browser which uses the Gecko engine and follows the Apple style and user interface guidelines, unlike its sibling, the Firefox browser.
canjs-map null
countelements null
pytorctl a python Tor controller with extensions to support path building and various constraints on node and path selection, as well as statistics gathering.
pyz the file extension dedicated for self-contained Python applications in a zip archive.
qa-c For questions about configuration and usage of the static code analysis tool, QA·C, as well as interpretation of messages and code metrics provided by the tool.
qcachegrind null
transformtovisual null
translate-toolkit is an API and collection of tools and utilities to convert, count, manipulate, review and debug texts.
transfer-orm null
qfs an open-source distributed file system software package for large-scale MapReduce or other batch-processing workloads.
qdoc a tool used by Qt Developers to generate documentation for software projects.
textcompositionmanager null
texmacs a free wysiwyw editing platform with special features for scientists.
textacy null
textboxio a WYSIWYG HTML editor SDK designed for mobile and desktop.
testcocoon Code Coverage Measurement for C/C++ and C#
rangeset a collection where each value appears at most once
range-map null
range-notation a shorthand used in Haskell for specifying a list containing a sequence of integers
raintpl should be used in any question that is regarding markup from RainTPL.
ram-scraping null
ramcloud a new class of storage for large-scale datacenter applications
rails-ssl-requirement null
puid null
puppetlabs-aws null
treenodecollection null
tree-left-right null
treestore null
http4s-circe null
puttycyg a patched version of PuTTY that, in addition to telnet, rlogin, ssh, and serial connections, can also be used as a local Cygwin terminal instead of the Windows console or xterm.
intentional-programming null
intense-debate Automattic's hosting service for blog comments.
ng-image-compress null
interactive-service-hub new Dynamics CRM feature for Rich user experience under Customer service module
faunadb null
faulthandler null
ngraphics a cross platform library for rendering vector graphics
ng-paste null
atooma a key enabler to new generations of smart devices designed to: Listen to people's behavior across apps and devices Act accordingly with the desired action in the right moment for a magic e…
fast-model Questions related to ARM functional simulation libraries branded Fast Model
fast-scroller null
html.label null
hsqml a Haskell binding to Qt Quick, a cross-platform framework for creating graphical user interfaces.
logalyze null
log4qt a C++ port of the Apache Software Foundation Log4j package using the Trolltech Qt Framework
fins A communications protocol provided by OMRON to exchange information in FA networks.
iphone-se null
ipmiutil A utility for IPMI to help administrators perform functions without a learning curve
ipersistfile Implement IPersistFile when you need to read or write information from a separate file, which could be of any file format.
firefly-mv Firefly has an extensive suite of computer vision, analysis, and effects tools
firefox-10 Version 10 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox-16 Version 16 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
first-of-type null
paramquery null
lock-in null
papaya An open-source, pure JavaScript medical research image viewer supporting DICOM and NIFTI formats
pandas-query null
recyclerview-multiselect a tool to help implement single or multichoice selection on RecyclerView items
vintagejs a jQuery plugin library that gives images a effect.
rediscala A Redis client for Scala and with non-blocking and asynchronous I/O operations.
red-gate-data-compare With SQL Data Compare, you can compare and deploy the data in two Microsoft SQL Server databases
redhat-dts For issues related to the use of Red Hat Developer Toolset.
redbeard-ios null
viewhandler null
viewpoint The Viewpoint gem
vim-perl Vim editor bundle containing all Perl-related syntax and helper files for Perl 5 and Perl 6.
viewvc a browser interface for CVS and Subversion version control repositories
mapsvg a jQuery/Wordpress plugin for drawing and displaying information on maps using SVG.
mappy null
mapped-memory Mapped memory permits different processes to communicate via a shared file.
mapkeyjoincolumn null
pdw-file-browser null
pdftextstream a component used for extracting text and metadata from PDF documents.
peer-discovery null
peephole-optimization Use peephole optimization for questions related to machine specific assembly instructions explicitily inlined into compiled code for the purpose of providing a faster code path than the one produced b…
type-slicing null
typeshed a repository that contains type annotations Python's standard library modules, built-ins and third party packages
typescript2.7 null
sense2vec null
sencha-touch-2-proxy null
upvalue a mechanism which is equivalent of C static variable
uploaddataasync null
usage-message null
google-angle Cross-platform, open-source, OpenGL, BSD-licensed API for graphics engine abstraction layer.
gomega null
google-ad-exchange null
go-gl null
restkit-0.26.x null
jinq a Java library that executes Java 8 code in order to translate such code into semantically equivalent JPQL or SQL.
jira-filter Questions related to filter options for Atlassian's Jira.
jkexpandtableview Expandable Nested Table View for iOS
jms-session a single-threaded context for producing and consuming messages
jmenupopup null
jobjectformatter a simple, configuratble toString builder for Java
jnlua JNLua integrates the Lua Scripting Language into Java.
joinfaces JoinFaces enables JSF usage inside JAR packaged Spring Boot Application.
focusrect null
angularjs-include With AngularJS, you can include HTML content, using the ng-include directive, on the client-side.
angularjs-design-patterns null
angularjs-ng-class-even The ngClassOdd and ngClassEven directives work exactly as ngClass, except they work in conjunction with ngRepeat and take effect only on odd rows.
angularjs-ng-table null
maven-for-php null
mavendeployer a gradle plugin to access maven deploy functionality from gradle builds
fonemonkey null
font-linking null
font-editor null
mavanagaiata a Maven plugin providing information about the Git repository of your project.
matlab-gpu only available on Matlab versions 2010b and later
googleweblight null
activerecordlinq null
go-pg null
gottox Gottox refers to Gottox/socket.io-java-client which is a Socket.IO client implementation in Java.
osgearth null
oscar-protocol proprietary and now obsolete instant messaging and presence information protocol by AOL.
osmfilter filter OpenStreetMap data files
orient-sql null
os-userspace null
osquery an open-source, cross-platform endpoint security monitoring and system information tool
applicationreference null
pgwmodal Responsive modal dialog for jQuery, Zepto, AngularJS
ordered-set null
pg-partman null
pgscript null
rust-gnome Rust bindings and wrappers for gnome libraries
rvm1-capistrano3 null
tamejs null
tangram Questions related to the web map rendered made by Mapzen, Tangram.
ryzom a massively multiplayer online role-playing game
jquery-spinner a JQuery UI widget used for entering numeric values, with up/down buttons and arrow key handling.
rc.d Command scripts for auto-reboot and daemon startup as used on NetBSD, FreeBSD, and OpenBSD
jsa abbreviated for `Java Shared Archive`
jrails-auto-complete null
pyme null
pynput null
pyrcc for questions about the PyQt resource compiler utility
writeelementstring null
write-once Data storage technology that allows information to be written to a disc a single time and prevents modification of the data
wpas null
wpf-brushes Windows Presentation Foundation brushes are used to paint user interface objects with anything from simple, solid colors to complex sets of patterns and images.
wpf-textbox null
r-devtools null
reactabular related to Reactabular, a table library for React.js.
chrome-debugging null
boost-adaptors null
storyblok a Software as a Service API Based CMS which offers unlimited nestable components with several field types & customization possibilities
strange-attractor called strange if it has a fractal structure.
stplanr an R package focusing on sustainable transport planning, which contains tools for origin-destination analysis, route allocation and modelling travel patterns.
streampad null
streams2 null
oojs-ui a library that allows developers to rapidly create front-end web applications that operate consistently across a multitude of browsers.
mixed-radix null
mixradio a global music service providing free streaming of playlists without subscription in over 30 countries, including the US, Brazil, India and China
xgrabpointer a function in Xlib
xmatters null
aris suite for improvement of Business Process Analisys based on social collaboration, cloud computing, mobile and big data/information.
druntime null
drupal-batch Drupal has an API to process big tasks into small bits, and then processing one bit after another in an AJAX queue
dropbox-java when referencing questions related to DropBox API using the Java language
deferred-query null
nsspeechrecognizer Speech recognition framework for OSX.
deep-diff a javascript/node.js module providing utility functions for determining the structural differences between objects and includes some utilities for applying differences across objects.
zipwith null
zinc-4 a SDK for AS3, used in exporting Cross-Platform applications from Flash using MDM Zinc 4.
zmalloc a simple malloc wrapper to automatically keep track of the allocated amount of memory
er-modeling null
zucchini a visual iOS testing framework built on Ruby, CoffeeScript and JavaScript.
zstandard Real-time compression algorithm and software.
zsync a file transfer program
zscript ZBrush’s built-in scripting language
zseries a family name used by IBM for all of its mainframe computers
errai-4 null
error-kernel If one actor carries very important data , this actor should source out any possibly dangerous sub-tasks to children it supervises and handle failures of…
artillery null
artifactnotfoundexception null
arsoft.tools.net null
as.yearqtr null
swx null
responsive-navigation null
responsive-design-view null
symengine null
swiftsuspenders null
openscep an open source implementation of the Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol protocol.
openpages null
openrave null
openmx for questions regarding the R Structural equation modelling package OpenMx.
openmcdf a free structured storage component for .net
observational-type-theory null
mongodb-rest null
mongoid-slug Generates a URL slug/permalink based on fields in a Mongoid-based model
mongoose-models null
objectify-delete null
money.js a tiny javascript currency conversion library, for web & nodeJS
mojo-useragent null
mongodb-embedded null
mongodb-3.3 The development version of MongoDB released in January of 2016
simplygon the leading solution for automatic optimization of 3D-game content and Level of Detail
simplyvbunit a VB6 Unit Testing Framework that helps to easily build unit tests in the VB6 IDE
hijax a term for the application of progressive enhancement to AJAX.
hikvision null
siphon null
singlethreadmodel null
sinclair Sinclair Research was a British electronics company which produced the popular ZX80, ZX81, and ZX Spectrum microcomputers before being acquired by Amstrad in 1986.
ultidev-cassini null
ujmp For use with questions involving the Java matrix library, Universal Java Matrix Package .
ultracart A hosted shopping cart and e-commerce platform that integrates with your business, including shopping cart, payment processing, marketing & affiliate management, shipping systems, product fulfilment, …
hibernate-statistics null
hibernate-xml-mapping For questions related to Hibernate's XML mapping files.
hibernate-postgresql an open-source Java persistence framework project
highcharts-convert a PhantomJS script that converts SVG or JSON into chart images using the Hibernate library.
highcharts-editor null
hierarchical-grouping null
jcmd used to send diagnostic command requests to a running Java Virtual Machine
jcaptcha JCAPTCHA stands for Java Completely Automated Public Test to tell Computers and Humans Apart The open source java framework for captcha definition and integration
jdiframework the test Framework for UI test automation
webapp-net null
uitextborderstyle null
thelounge a modern web IRC client designed for self-hosting
tvos11 null
tgifimage a full TGraphic implementation of the GIF graphics format.
ttaskdialog a VCL control implementing a task dialog box for Vista and later version
turkey-test quick test whether internationalization is correctly implemented in a software.
turnip a Gherkin extension for RSpec
tunein null
tumbleweed a commercial managed file transfer solution sold by Axway.
halbuilder The HAL format, and the HalBuilder Java library provide a consistent approach to both designing and consuming reusable, and navible REST APIs built on the Java platform.
hamiltonian-path null
open-sesame a program to create experiments for psychology, neuroscience, and experimental economics
opensg a portable scenegraph system to create realtime graphics programs, e.g
openstv null
openstep null
openstack-shade a simple client library for interacting with OpenStack clouds
gwt-maven-archetypes null
gwt-log4j a GWT compatible version of a logging facility using the framework of the Apache log4j library for Java with the output normally forwarded to the standard GWT lo…
gxt-charts a dual licensed component framework that seeks to provide similar functionality to ExtJs for Google Web Toolkit applications.
habari a next-generation publishing platform and application framework all-in-one.
h2o-http an optimized HTTP server with support for HTTP/1.x and HTTP/2.
anyline a mobile OCR SDK available for Android, iOS, Windows Phone, Xamarin and Cordova
annuity null
live-mesh null
animationutils null
llvm5 null
minimal-json A minimal, but complete JSON parser and writer for Java
misfit a set of developer tools that provide an open platform for connecting various applications in a fluid and user-friendly manner.
miso.dataset a JavaScript client-side data transformation and management library.
misultin an Erlang library for building fast lightweight HTTP servers, which also supports websockets
misaka a CFFI-based binding for Hoedown, a fast markdown processing library written in C
miscutils Jon Skeet's Miscellaneous Utility Library
miniskirt null
ministro a system wide Qt shared libraries installer/provider service
batch-build null
ghost-inspector null
gild GILD seeks to rectify this lack by creating an integrated learning and development plug-in for Eclipse.
image2pipe null
reportingservices-2000 null
reportservice2010 null
desktop-search null
docker-dind Questions about running Docker inside of Docker .
savant3 a powerful but lightweight object-oriented template system for PHP
sbt-0.12 a build tool for Scala, Java and other languages with features you'd not want to miss! The tag is for the older version of sbt 0.12.x that is nearly dead.
css-gcpm CSS3 module describing features used in printed publications.
vsts-security null
csvtotable a jQuery plugin that reads a CSV file and converts it to an HTML table.
cubefunctions a function of the form f=ax^3+bx^2+cx+d.
cuke4duke null
cudamat null
facebook-fan-page null
facebook-instant-games null
facebook-prophet null
autoexpect null
dbxjson dbxjson defines classes that implement dbExpress JSON support for dbExpress callbacks, JSON arrays, byte readers, numbers, objects, pairs, strings and values.
dbamp a third party, licenced software package that provides data integration for Salesforce and SQL Server
dbclient null
datomisca a Scala API for Datomic which is a database of flexible, time-based facts, supporting queries and joins, with elastic scalability, and ACID transactions.
autoit-recorder a tool for the freeware BASIC-like scripting language AutoIt v3
autojit null
nsborderlesswindowmask null
nsappleeventmanager Provides a mechanism for registering handler routines for specific types of Apple events and dispatching events to those handlers.
nsapi The Netscape Server Application Programming Interface is an application programming interface for extending server software, typically web server software.
system.memory null
nscolorspace The NSColorSpace class enables the creation of objects representing custom color spaces.
system-idle-process null
unmarked-package a package for R that provides Models for Data from Unmarked Animals
unimag magentic stripe card reader developed by IDTech
unimrcp null
java-launcher null
javaexec-gradle-plugin null
jquery.visible jQuery-Visible a jQuery plugin which allows us to quickly check if an element is within the browsers visual viewport, regardless of the scroll position
google-go-idea-plugin The open-source Go plugin for JetBrains IDEs like IntelliJ IDEA, PHPStorm, WebStorm and so on
spring-groovy-config null
spring-integration-http null
spring-nature null
idxbroker a Real Estate SEO site for IDX integration
ie8-webslice null
multipleselectionmodel null
multiselect.js A user-friendlier drop-in replacement for the standard select with multiple attribute activated.
multisplitpane null
ideascript A tag for questions related to CaseWare Analytics' IDEAScript programming language
identica null
icontrol null
icu4c null
uib-tabset null
uiattachmentbehavior null
uicontrolview null
uidragitem null
gridgroupingcontrol null
flask-cli A command line interface in Flask achieved through a click package integration.
flask-mega-tutorial a tutorial for Python beginner and intermediate developers that teaches web development with the Flask framework.
gremlinjs a monkey testing tool which applies concepts of mobile testing to web applications
grass-file used in the Neo4j Browser to style nodes and relationships of a Neo4j graph.
graphson null
graphql-relay A library to help construct a graphql-js server supporting react-relay.
script-console null
rtlcss a framework for converting LTR CSS to RTL.
ruby-2.1.4 For issues relating to development in Ruby, version 2.1.4
scoreninja null
numpy-indexing null
nunit-2.6.2 null
scotchbox null
seekableiterator null
for-range null
fortress Fortress Open Source IAM SDK
searchly null
address-bus Anything related to the address-bus of a microprocessor or of other hardware device
adjustable-array null
fpmake null
brainbench Brainbench provides online certifications mainly in the Information Technology field and others in general.
brail a view engine for Castle-MonoRail
bowser A WebRTC browser for iOS developed in the open
brillo an operating system project initiated by Google, for use with the Internet Of Things.
broad-phase null
brief-bookmarks null
breakiterator null
fling null
web-release-config an XML transform file that specifies how the Web.config file should be changed when it is deployed in Release mode.
webpack-production null
motzkin-numbers Motzkin numbers
stacklayout null
stablexui UI engine for Haxe OpenFL designed to give as much freedom as possible in customizing UI
mozart-mvc a clientside MVC framework styled for rapid development
movewindow null
hugo-logging The Hugo plugin allows you to log your debug builds using annotations
sql-psm a procedural language defined by ISO as an extension to SQL to use in stored procedures
sql-operations-studio for issues related to SQL operations studio and try tagging the platform as well
sqlite4java a minimalistic, open-source Java wrapper for SQLite
hypertalk null
hybrid-runbook-worker null
preview-handler null
rst2html.py null
prelude an enhanced Emacs configuration that should make your experience with Emacs both more pleasant and more powerful.
prestashop-helper-classes null
eclassnotfound null
xsbt the online launch repository for the Scala SBT tool.
xsbt-proguard-plugin null
xslt-extension null
srv-record null
srtm null
apai-io null
apache-wink-spring null
apidocjs null
console-history null
console.setout null
olwidget null
oledbdestination null
omnifocus null
omittag an to allow markup elements to be implied in documents
okbuck null
oglplus a collection of open-source, cross-platform libraries which implement an object-oriented facade over the OpenGL® and also OpenAL® and EGL …
ofnhookproc null
castor-jdo an open source data binding framework for Java.
castra a Python library that allows efficient data column-store.
catch-exception Java library that catches exceptions in a single line of code and makes them available for further analysis.
cdatabase null
node-local-storage null
node-lame null
ccombo part of Eclipse Platform API and it represents a selectable user interface object that combines a text field and a list and issues notification when an item is selected from the li…
ccss Constraint Cascading Style Sheets , an extension to Cascading Style Sheets .
pkcs#15 Cryptographic Token Information Format Standard
pkgdown Use for questions about the pkgdown R package, used for semi-automatic building for package websites, written by Hadley Wickham.
planerotation null
player-swift null
nomin a mapping engine for the Java platform transforming object trees according to declarative mapping rules
node-persist Node.js ORM framework supporting MySQL and SQLite3 relational databases.
nodevm null
node-twitter A node.js module for interacting with the Twitter API.
nodobjc NodObjC exposes the Objective-C runtime to Node.js in a high-level, easy to use fashion
android-language null
mock-location null
timespace null
tinc similar to openVPN or IPsec and tries to connect networks with a site 2 site connection - one of its key features is meshed-networks in comparison.
timezonedb TimeZoneDB provides free time zone database for cities of the world.
tippecanoe null
tinyweb an open source microweb framework for .NET
slacktextviewcontroller null
grunt-jest Grunt task to run tests with Jest.
grunt-jsbeautifier null
grunt-prompt a grunt task that lets you Add interactive UI to your Gruntfile such as lists, checkboxes, text input with filtering, and password fields, all on the command line
grunt-nodemon Grunt task to run nodemon
grunt-notify an automatic desktop notifications for Grunt errors and warnings using Growl for OS X or Windows, Mountain Lion and Mavericks Notification Center, and Notify-Send..
slidertabs The responsive multi-purpose jQuery content slider plugin
slim-2 null
gso a swarm intelligence optimization algorithm developed based on the behaviour of glowworms
collator a class which performs locale-sensitive String comparison
snmpv2c null
snobol SNOBOL is a series of computer programming languages developed between 1962 and 1967 at AT&T Bell Laboratories culminating in SNOBOL4
snackjs a small and simple JavaScript library
smtp4dev Windows 7/Vista/XP/2003/2010 compatible dummy SMTP server.
snap-lang a free, browser-based educational programming language blocks-based graphical programming language that allows students to create interactive stories, animations, games, and more, while learn…
ext-designer null
soajs an open source framework that empowers building fast the API-nization layer between the product frontend and backend .
coin-or-clp null
android-storm a simple template-based Object Relational Mapping tool for Android SQLite.
android-standout an open source library for android can be use to create floating apps.
android-simon-datepicker Android SimonVT datepicker is, according to its website, an Android 4.0 DatePicker backported to 2.1 by Simon Vig Therkildsen .
android-singleline Constrains the text to a single horizontally scrolling line
php-zookeeper a PHP extension which uses libzookeeper library to provide API for communicating with the ZooKeeper service
as-pattern null
class-completion null
clap null
clang-extensions Clang provides extensions not found in ISO standard C or C++, including support for a large range of GCC extensions.
cleanse Questions pertaining to Square's Cleanse Dependency Injection Framework for Swift https://github.com/square/Cleanse
classmate Tag for Java ClassMate library
class-validator null
classpathsuite Classpathsuite automatically executes all JUnit tests found on the class path.
inkml Regarding the W3C InkML specification for Ink markup.
injected-class-name null
inline-xml null
tooleap an SDK that enables Android developers to easily create apps with floating UI components.
php-qt an extension for PHP5 that aims to write software with the Qt toolkit
phpmotion a free video sharing software that also has support for other types of media such as audio/mp3 sharing.
phpixie a lightweight MVC PHP framework designed to be fast, easy to learn and provide a solid foundation for development.
php-glide null
toto a git-powered, minimalist blog engine.
totalorderpartitioner null
touch-location The TouchLocation structure contains information, such as screen location, current state, and amount of pressure for a registered touch location item.
torq AquaQ's TorQ framework forms the basis of a production kdb+ system by implementing some core functionality and utilities on top of kdb+, allowing developers to concentrate on the application business …
torchnet null
generic-jms-ra a J2EE Connector 1.5 resource adapter that can wrap the JMS client library of any JMS provider.
genesys-platform-sdk null
geneticsharp a fast, extensible, multi-platform and multithreading C# Genetic Algorithm library that simplifies the development of applications using Genetic Algorithms
lungo an multiplatform application development framework based on web technologies like HTML5, CSS and JavaScript.
gjallarhorn a small, lightweight framework for managing mutable state when notifications are required.
git-verify-pack a command in git to verify packed git archive files.
lua-edit an IDE, debugger and editor of Lua scripts.
lua-telegram-bot null
visual-studio-lightbulbs a productivity feature in Visual Studio 2015.
a0poster a class for the creation of a scientific poster in LaTex.
abrt a set of tools that helps ensure bugs are detected and reported.
durable-duplex null
dvi-tex the output format for the TeX typesetting system.
dvblast a streaming solution to stream multiple channels of TV to a network.
dynamiclayout An Android text layout class for laying out text that can be edited.
dxgrid null
visual-modeler null
glfrustum null
globalinterpreterlock null
glip null
libgc libgc provides a garbage collector for C and C++ programs such that there is less chance of memory leaks in those programs.
libcql A high performance implementation of the Cassandra binary protocol in C++.
libcoap used for question concerning the libcoap library that implements the CoAP protocol for IoT applications
libcomponentlogging a small logging library for Objective-C on Mac OS X and iOS which provides log levels, log components, and pluggable logging back-ends, e.g
glowcode the real-time performance and memory profiler for C++, C# and .NET code optimization
libopc implementation of Part II and Part III of the ISO/IEC 29500 specification
libobjc null
libgit2sharp-ssh null
sonicwall Intended for SonicWall Products like NSA, TZ, SuperMassive and WXA.
songbird a cross-platform music player based on Mozilla code
sortedcontainers SortedContainers provides sorted container types, written in pure-Python and fast as C-extensions.
contivo a tool for users to capture, manage, organize and leverage all of the integration metadata in an enterprise
solr-multy-valued-fields null
mediatoolbox null
mediabrowser null
media-channel A broadcasting channel, which may be a radio channel, a TV channel, or any video channel
aws-billing null
double-elimination null
shrimp for questions related to adjust / shrimp, a phantomjs based pdf renderer
sig-atomic-t null
splunk-sum null
dossier Ruby-based report generation/presentation Rails engine
dos-donts for questions related to using known good practices , and questions that lend themselves to receiving answers in the form of DOs and DON'Ts
dom-selection null
dotnetactivity For custom activities within azure data factory.
mysql2psql-gem null
narc null
navigation-style null
naturalid In Hibernate, this specifies that a property is part of the natural id of the entity.
ncdf4 An R package as an interface to Unidata netCDF format data files.
ndatabase a easy to use .NET Object Database
wiselinks not enough for you
wiziq a mobile-ready online learning delivery platform
wixstdba null
wkinterfaceobject the base class for all interface objects in your app
wm-flow simple yet powerful language lets you encapsulate a sequence of services within a single service and manage the flow of data among them
spfieldcollection null
spfile Represents a file in a SharePoint Web site that can be a Web Parts page, an item in a document library, or a file in a folder.
spigot-algorithm used to compute the value of a mathematical constant such as π or e.
fiware-health The FIWARE health tool aims to provide a way to know each ‘FIWARE region status’, running some sanity tests against each node and validating the main features and services of the infrastructure with a…
fiware-murano Murano provides the basic support for hardware deployment management and software installation management.
fiware-sagitta an application to install products available in a catalogue on virtual machines.
fiware-bosun Bosun GEri offers decision-making ability, independently of the type of resource being able to solve complex problems within the Cloud field by rea…
flash-javascript-api null
filter-bank an array of band-pass filters that separates the input signal/image into multiple components, each one carrying a single frequency sub-band of the original signal/image.
filesystem-browser null
fabricator null
facebook-customer-chat null
fake-repositories null
fakexrmeasy Use this when using FakeXrmEasy to mock any .net code for testing against Microsoft Dynamics CRM 2011+
f-alloy a model transformation language based on the formal language Alloy
fail-fast-fail-early null
fad null
femtolisp An attempt to write the fastest lisp interpreter in under 1000 lines of C
feistel-cipher a symmetric structure used in the construction of block ciphers
fgallery a photo gallery viewer developed for iPhone applications
famous-cli CLI interface for Famous Industries Web Services
fart a command line utility to search and replace text in files; executable name: `fart.exe`
fxcomposer null
gadgeteer an open-source toolkit for building small electronic devices using the .NET Micro Framework and Visual Studio/Visual C# Express.
gclient null
forestadmin a universal plug-and-play admin interface designed to manage application data and business operations.
flutterwave for Flutterwave API integration related questions.
fluent-nhibernate-test null
fluentpdo null
formatr The formatR package was designed to reformat R code to improve readability; the main workhorse is the function tidy.source.
formalize null
formcraft null
framework-installation null
form-serialize Encode a set of form elements as a string for submission
elementstyle used when rendering the element that the column displays for a cell that is not in editing mode.
elementflow null
elm-array null
elmah-mvc null
ellucian-banner a comprehensive student information system.
eldarion-ajax null
edsim51 a software product that simulates the 8051 microcontroller.
eclipse-photon the code name for Eclipse 4.8 due to be released in June 2018
edg null
eden a PHP Library maintained by Openovate Labs and is simply a set of reusable components, that works with any PHP framework and CMS.
ecom null
dragendjs a touch ready, full responsive, content swipe script
d-pointer null
drag-to-select null
drat Drat stands for
draw-list null
dsel null
dremel null
dynamics365-app-outlook for Questions related to Dynamics 365 Outlook app, like issues facing in code development, form customizations, Sitemap configuration issues, etc.
ducttape A workflow management system for unix lovers
duo.js a next-generation package manager that blends the best ideas from Component, Browserify and Go to make organizing and writing front-end code quick and painless.
ducc DUCC is a Linux cluster controller designed to scale out any UIMA pipeline for high throughput collection processing jobs as well as for low latency real-tme appli…
europeana-api Europeana offers 4 different APIs for accessing and harvesting European cultural heritage data; REST API, Annotations API, OAI-MPH and SPARQL
eval-after-load null
eventlistenerlist null
expecta A matcher library for unit testing in Objective C / Cocoa.
expecto null
extreme-feedback-devices null
emacs-server null
emacspeak for questions specific to the Emacs add-on package Emacspeak
elm-window null
embree a collection of open-source ray tracing kernels developed at Intel Labs
emptydatatemplate null
enclose a node module which is used to compile the node js application.
enchantjs a framework for developing simple games and applications in HTML5 + JavaScript.
encase a proprietary forensic software suite.
engopen null
equalsverifier Java tool that can be used in unit tests, to verify whether the contract for the equals and hashCode methods is met.
episerver-find a SaaS product for indexing textual data
eric-martin-modal a lightweight jQuery Plugin which provides a powerful interface for modal dialog development.
eo.webbrowser a web browser engine developed based on Google Chrome.
episerver-10 null
grails-test when making Grails testing from low level unit testing to high level functional tests.
grails-platform-core null
google-moderator a Google service that uses crowdsourcing to rank user-submitted questions, suggestions and ideas
grackle Lightweight Ruby library for the Twitter API that goes with the flow.
guiders.js a library for adding guiders to websites
gulp-cheerio null
gulp-cached null
gulp-folders null
hapijs-vision null
gutenberg null
gulp-traceur a JavaScript.next to JavaScript-of-today compiler.
google-cloud-visualstudio Tag for questions related to the VS extension.
glumpy a Python library for producing scientific visualizations
glyphrun GlyphRun - Microsoft WPF class representing a run of characters
gmsa null
go-alice null
gobot.io a framework for robotics, physical computing, and the Internet of Things, written in the Go programming language
go-couchbase null
getcolor null
gerrit-slave null
getmem null
get-meta-tags null
get-mapping null
gems-in-a-jar null
git-server null
impoly a MATLAB function for creating a draggable, resizable polygon.
implicit-state-passing when using implicit state passing with Prolog DCG .
implicit-methods null
information-bar null
ingress-game an augmented reality game for Android and iOS developed by NianticLabs@Google.
information-server null
inquisit a scripting language and engine for stimulus presentation and response recording designed for running behavioural experiments.
inrule a rule engine and suite of related application made by InRule Technology.
insoshi an open source social networking platform for Ruby on Rails
instance-transform null
interface-class null
interbase-2009 a low cost, ultra fast, lightweight, multi-device relational database that runs on Android, iOS, Windows and Mac OS X.
icloud-photo-library Should be used for questions relating to issues around downloading and or editing photos from the iCloud Photo Library using PhotoKit on iOS
ibmwearables null
image-text null
immediacy null
iis-handlers null
ikimagekit null
heap-randomization null
hashicorp-otto not actively supported anymore and its sources have been closed
here-launcher simple to use APIs which enable you to launch HERE applications from your own Windows Phone application, to perform services provided by those applications.
hivemind null
hmaccessory null
hmcharacteristic null
histogrammar Framework for aggregating data, such as histograms, in parallel.
hip null
htmldecode null
html-proofer null
htmllint a tool to lint html for potential issues
htmlize.el a package for exporting the contents of an Emacs buffer to HTML while respecting display properties such as colors, fonts, underlining, invisibility, etc.
homoglyph one of several graphemes, characters, or glyphs that cannot be easily visually differentiated.
hook-form null
hoopl a high order optimization library in Haskell to support dataflow analysis and optimization.
hoops a portable graphics development toolkit for creating or enhancing 3D applications.
ibm-data-catalog null
ibm-jre null
ibm-compose A production-ready, cloud hosted platform for building enterprise applications on open source database technologies.
hubflow github centric.
mysql-manager null
mxhr Multipart XMLHttpRequests
mvysidemenu null
mydbr a web-based reporting system for MySQL, MS SQL Server and Sybase.
mysql-helper For questions involving the MySqlHelper Class.
myprettycms MVC4 / AJAX Based CMS.
my-recent-documents null
mvc-storefront null
musicsequence null
necklaces null
nedmalloc a multithreaded memory allocator designed to be fast and scalable with little memory fragmentation.
neo4j-ogm-bolt-driver null
neuroml an XML-based, declarative model description language for computational neuroscience models
ninja-turtles an easy to use open source .NET mutation testing framework
newgem null
newscoop the open content management system for professional journalists.
newable null
ntvdm.exe Windows NT Virtual DOS machine is a technology that allows running legacy DOS and 16-bit Windows programs on Intel 80386 or higher computers when there is already another operating system …
nskeyvaluecoding null
nuget-console null
nuget-package-explorer an application that makes it easy to create and explore NuGet packages
nuxeo-js-client null
nvidia-flex a particle-based physics simulator
n-way null
obexftp a library bundling everything needed for OBEX transfers and exposing it via a simple interface.
oauth2app Django OAuth 2.0 Server App module that helps Django site operators provide an OAuth 2.0 interface
nzplsql an interpreted language used to implement stored procedures in IBM Netezza host environment.
nsfilepresenter The NSFilePresenter protocol should be implemented by objects that allow the user to view or edit the content of files or directories.
nsepy null
nservicebus-rabbitmq NServiceBus provides support for sending messages over RabbitMQ
notepad2 an open-source text editor for Microsoft Windows.
node.js-napi N-API is an API for building native Addons
node.js-tools a free, open source plugin that turns Visual Studio into a Node.js IDE
node-assert null
no-database null
nobrainer A Ruby ORM for RethinkDB
noamtools a set of miscellaneous convenience functions for R.
nobackend an approach to decouple apps from backends, by abstracting backend tasks with frontend code
noble-count null
multidispatch null
mscgen null
msbee null
msbuild-batching Inside a Microsoft Build project, the task batching provide a way to divide item lists into different batches and pass each of those batches into a task separately.
ms11-100 null
moqcontrib Moqcontrib stands for Automocking Container
morena a framework for Java that acts as a bridge between image acquisition hardware and a Java Application or Applet.
mori A simple bridge to ClojureScript's persistent data structures and supporting APIs for vanilla JavaScript
mosel can refer to either the Mosel modelling environment as a whole, or the extensible hybrid modelling/programming language which is part of it.
monkeylearn null
monkey-x null
monifu an extensions to Scala's standard library for multi-threading primitives and functional reactive programming
monodroid.dialog Tools to simplify creating dialogs for MonoDroid
mind-manager Mindjet.com mind mapping products.
migration-manager The Migration Manager for Scala is a tool for diagnosing binary incompatibilities for Scala libraries.
minc MINC tag refers to a file format and/or a library for storing named, multi-dimensional variables in files in a machine-independent way.
mlint a Matlab command that check Matlab code files for possible problems.
modern-languages null
mod-proxy-wstunnel null
module-search-path null
modular-scale null
mobiledoc-kit a contentEditable-based editor toolkit written in JavaScript
model-view-adapter null
mmrecord a block-based seamless web service integration library for iOS and Mac OS X.
moarvm null
mathics a free, open-source, computer algebra system compatible with Mathematica
material-design-light null
mbv BizTalk Message Box Viewer
managedfusion null
managed-extensions null
mandelbug a bug whose underlying causes are so complex and obscure as to make its behavior appear chaotic or even non-deterministic.
manos an easy to use, easy to test, high performance C# web application framework that stays out of your way and makes your life ridiculously simple.
marmalade-iwui null
method-cascades a syntactic nicety to avoid having to repeat the receiver of a series of methods.
microxml a subset of XML intended for use in contexts where full XML is, or is perceived to be, too large and complex.
midas-editor the code name for Gecko's built-in rich text editor.
meteorcharts render charts in web pages
meteor-orion null
metalua an alternative Lua compiler supporting compile-time metaprogramming and syntax extensions, while containing a pure Lua library for parsing Lua source into ASTs.
metawatch a smartwatch by Meta Watch Ltd.
meiomask null
mcps null
jsondb a utility for managing content in a database which stores content in JSON format.
jupyter-kernel null
jungledisk JungleDisk online backup service for businesses
junit-ee free software for unit testing in a J2EE environment.
jsil a compiler that transforms .NET applications and libraries from their native executable format.
jsmockito a port of the Java Mockito framework
jsefa a simple library for stream-based serialization of java objects to XML, CSV, and FLR and back again using an iterator-style int…
jquery-roundabout A jQuery plugin to create interactive animations from simple HTML.
jsblocks an MVish framework for creating web applications that claims to be faster than Angular and even react.js.
jscalendar null
js-csp null
jscript-10 null
joomla-jtable an abstract base class from which to derive database table classes.
joomla-framework a platform for writing web and command line applications in PHP
jenkins-mailer-plugin Questions regarding Jenkins's Mailer Plugin
jquery-guillotine For questions and debugging related to using the jQuery-Guillotine plugin.
jqmigrate APIs and features removed from jQuery core
jquery-localizer A jquery-based localizer plugin.
joomla-task A method that can be called as a result of the a parameter or some other command
isbackground null
iso-639 ISO 639 family of standards specifies 2- and 3-letter abbreviated names for languages and language groups, like 'en' or 'eng' for English, 'ko' or 'kor' for Korean and 'art' for artificial languages.
iso-639-2 a 3-letters abbreviation standard for language names, like 'heb', 'eng' and 'spa' for Hebrew, English and Spanish.
intermine an open source data warehouse built specifically for the integration and analysis of complex biological data
internet-component-suite composed of various Internet components and applications
ion-grid null
ionic-cloud-angular null
ionic4 the newer version of Ionic, the open source SDK that enables developers to build performant, high-quality mobile apps using familiar web technologies
ion-infinite-scroll null
jags.parallel an function from R2jags package that allows parallel computation of MCMC chains.
jack-toolchain null
jappix null
javax-inject part of javaee-6
javax.speech null
lookless null
macrubyc null
madbee a library to access adb in managed environment such as C#
magellan-nightwatch null
makemessages null
malcom a cloud-computing platform that maximizes the potential of mobile applications incorporating advanced features
malsup-ajax-form null
mallard a markup language that makes easier writing user help and documentation for software
lisp-in-a-box an packaged Lisp IDE/environment to help newbies get started.
lire null
lobo-cobra a pure Java HTML renderer and DOM parser that is being developed to support HTML 4, Javascript and CSS 2.
lightning-workbench a Language Workbench developed by the university of Luxembourg
linux-scst a generic SCSI target subsystem for Linux, it allows creation of sophisticated storage devices from any Linux box
linq2indexeddb an extension written by Kristof Degrave
linq4j an open source port of Microsoft's LINQ to Java
kevin-bacon a parlor game based on the concept.
keydragzoom This library for google maps API adds a drag zoom / selection capability
kol a set of objects to develop 32 bit Windows GUI applications in Delphi without VCL
kotlin-delegate The Delegation pattern has proven to be a good alternative to implementation inheritance, and Kotlin supports it natively requiring zero boilerplate code.
kosaraju-sharir null
korean-nlp null
koa-session null
knp-snappy PHP wrapper around the wkhtmltopdf library to convert HTML into PDF via a full-rendering webkit engine including the processing of CSS and JS in addition to the HTML itself.
kotlinpoet Kotlin and Java API for generating .kt source files
laravel-broadcast null
leanplum null
laravel-exceptions null
leaflet-label null
libsvmsharp a C# port of java version of libsvm, a library for several SVM methods
levelscheme Questions on using LevelScheme for Mathematica
levelup null
length-modifiers null
cjsx null
clearsilver A language-neutral HTML templating system that supports localization.
cleo a flexible software library for enabling rapid development of partial, out-of-order and real-time typeahead and autocomplete services
clevercss a small markup language for CSS inspired by Python that can be used to build a style sheet in a clean and structured way.
cieluv a color space adopted by the International Commission on Illumination in 1976, as a simple-to-compute transformation of the 1931 CIE XYZ color space, but which attempted perceptual un…
cincopa null
c-intermediate-language a subset of C designed to be easier to analyze and manipulate, as well as a suite of tools related to that subset
church null
chunk-templates an open-source tag-based Java Template Engine for applications that output HTML, XML or plain-text
clsidfromprogid null
clicktoedit null
clickdimension a marketing automation solution for the Microsoft Dynamics Marketplace built on the Microsoft Azure cloud computing platform.
change-script null
charbuffer null
chromeview null
charm A high level Object Oriented programming language with considerable influences from RTL/2 and noted similarities to Modula 2, Pascal, and C; primarily focused towards ARM/RISC OS development.
certifi null
cfarraybsearchvalues A number of CFArray functions allow you to operate over a range of values in an array, for example CFArrayApplyFunction lets you apply a function to values in an array, and CFArrayBSearchValues search…
cfcookie null
cevelop Cevelop extends Eclipse CDT with many additional features: CUTE unit testing with Test Driven Development support, new refactorings and quick fixes
cassandra-sharp A high performance .NET driver for Apache Cassandra
coala-bears routines used by coala package to check lints and fix issue if found.
podpress null
pocketc null
c2wts a feature of Windows® Identity Foundation that extracts UPN claims from non-Windows security tokens, such as SAML and X.509 tokens, and generates impersonation…
policy-server null
polycode A free open-source framework for creating cross-platform games and interactive applications.
polygit Low-fi proxy server for component CDNs
caf-receiver-sdk null
cactoos Java library of object-oriented primitives
email-injection null
email-publisher null
wicked-good-xpath A JavaScript implementation of the DOM Level 3 XPath specification.
wii-u a game and entertainment console made by Nintendo and released on November 18th, 2012 in the United States and Canada with other countries following shortly after.
baker-framework an HTML5-based digital publication framework for publishing interactive books and magazines on iOS using open web standards.
azure-sdk-php null
bare-domain null
bgga null
better-pickers Android library for better Picker DialogFragments
better-sqlite3 null
bloomapi BloomAPI simplifies access to healthcare data
bootstrap-affix null
bobril null
bitsharp null
bitpay-api null
bit-banding null
bigr a library of functions that provide end-to-end integration with the R language and BigInsights
bitdefender an antivirus software suite developed by Romania-based software company Softwin.
carbonkit null
c#-edittext null
cakephp-bootstrap-ui An API that transparently use Twitter Bootstrap 3 with CakePHP 3.
browse-information null
bootstrap-native a native JavaScript library for both the Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4 series, featuring superior performance compared to the original jQuery Plugins
border-shadow null
bufferedstrategy null
bublejs a and alternative to Babel
dahdi null
datacachefactory null
datadirect null
datatipfunction null
datasvcutil null
datashape a language for describing data
datasift-python null
datasetextensions null
dccp The Datagram Congestion Control Protocol is a message-oriented transport layer protocol.
deadline-timer null
ddf related to the data definition file format used in database management systems and other programs
ddoc the embedded documentation generator for the D programming language
dmesg null
django-transmeta null
django-wiki Questions specific to django-wiki, a reusable application written for the Django framework, provides extendible wiki functionality.
dojox.calendar The Dojo toolkit Calendar control - http://dojotoolkit.org/reference-guide/1.10/dojox/calendar.html
doit a task management & automation tool
directmusic null
direct-composition a Windows component that enables high-performance bitmap composition with transforms, effects, and animations
digitization the process of converting information into a digital format.
django-anymail null
django-channels-presence null
django-blob Django's modeling system does not provide native support for large binary data
django-database-functions null
django-rest-framework-filters null
cryptprotectdata null
cryptoki null
create-guid null
cs-cockpit a Customer Service Module in Hybris that provides CSAs with easier and faster access to the information.
d3web null
curry-currency-converter A jQuery plugin used for converting currencies based on the Yahoo Currency API
cookie-policy Designed to protect online privacy
contentproviderclient null
cray-pointers a common non-standard extension to Fortran before introducing standard pointers in Fortran 90.
cppsqlite C++ Wrapper for SQLite
excelbuilder.js null
excelquery null
excellentexport Questions about Jordi Burgos's ExcellentExport JavaScript library for client-side exporting to CSV or Excel from HTML tables.
excel-online null
codernity a NoSQL Database written in pure Python
codesignkey null
colossus Tumblr's lightweight framework for building high-performance applications in Scala that require non-blocking network I/O.
code-swarm null
comet-ml null
component.io a vertically integrated frontend solution, handling everything from package management to the build process, handling everything including HTML, JS, CSS, images, and font
component.js a stand-alone MPL-licensed Open Source library for JavaScript, providing a powerful run-time Component System for hierarchically structuring the User-Interface dialogs of complex H…
containerd An industry-standard container runtime with an emphasis on simplicity, robustness and portability
congomongo a clojure wrapper for the mongodb java api
configurability null
conditionaltagsupport null
conditional-regex null
21cfr11 FDA guideline which defines the criteria under which electronic records and electronic signatures are considered to be trustworthy, reliable and equivalent to paper records.
.net-runtime .NET Runtime also known as Common Language Runtime , the virtual machine component of Microsoft's .NET framework, manages the execution of .NET programs.
.net-trace ASP.NET tracing enables you to view diagnostic information about a single request for an ASP.NET page
.net-fiddle an online tool which allows .NET developers to test simple code or try out samples from other developers
.net-core-logging null
.mobi a top-level domain in the DNS of the Internet
access-synchronization Process of establishing consistency among systems and subsequent continuous updates to maintain consistency.
sharedelementcallback null
shared-config null
elaphe null
elastic-database-pool Through the use of pools, you can manage multiple, varying elastic databases.
ejdb null
ejbscheduler a managed, server-side component architecture for modular construction of enterprise applications.
ekcalendar null
ejabberd-auth null
postfile null
postgresqlstudio a web application to manage a PostgreSQL database
ambientcontext null
amixer amixer allows command-line control of the mixer for the ALSA soundcard driver
amazon-ssm-agent The Amazon EC2 Systems Manager agent processes Systems Manager requests and configures your machine as specified in the request.
adabas ADABAS is Software AG’s primary database management system.
acts-as-shopping-cart null
aldeedmeteor-tabular null
adsf a tiny static file server that you can launch instantly in any directory.
ascription annotations constraining the type inference mechanism.
argonaut-shapeless null
ascii-8bit used to describe a class of extended ASCII encodings.
archicad null
arbtt Arbtt, the Automatic Rule-based Time Tracker.
arduino-uno-wifi null
arduino-c++ a specific dialect of C++ primarily lacking some capabilities from the C++ standard library
arcsight null
asp.net-core-configuration null
asterisk-ael null
astrolabe an extension for protractor that adds page objects to your functional/e2e tests.
avicode null
avr-studio7 for questions related to AVR Studio 7 : a freeware IDE/IDP for developing and debugging Atmel AVR® applications
awaitility null
awestruct Ruby framework for creating static HTML sites.
authlib null
avaloq-script used in the parametrisation and customisation of the Avaloq banking system
availability-group null
aurelia-ux null
auth.log null
aurelia-form null
athens A vector graphics framework for Pharo programming environment.
asyncmongo an asynchronous library for accessing mongo with tornado.ioloop.
angularjs-restmod null
android-user-profile **From Android Document** It allows more than one user on a single Android device by separating their accounts and application data
andyroid an Android emulator for computer users
applebot the web crawler for Apple, used by products including Siri and Spotlight Suggestions
apple-radar Apple's internal enhancement & bug tracking system.
aptible a HIPAA-compliant Platform as a Service
arangoimp null
apache-edgent a programming model and runtime for edge devices.
apache-datafu a collection of libraries for working with large-scale data in Hadoop
apache-commons-jci a Java compiler interface used to compile JVM-based languages.
overuse null
ovistore null
qvideoframe null
qunit-bdd BDD-style testing for QUnit.
quiltview a library for android platform which displays views of different sizes in a horizontal or vertical scrollable grid.
qulice a static analysis quality control instrument for Java projects
quotemeta null
package-diagram A diagram in the UML which depicts the dependencies between the packages that make up a model
aimms AIMMS is a software system designed for modeling and solving large-scale optimization and scheduling-type problems.
aggpas an Object Pascal native port of the Anti-Grain Geometry library - AGG, originally written in industrially standard C++
akka.fsharp for Akka when used with F#.
akephalos a Capybara driver that uses HtmlUnit.
ajaxtags null
aiofiles To be used with programming questions that deals with AIO Files.
alpha-five A windows-based RAD environment for creating data-driven applications for web, mobile, and desktop
amazon-acm a service that lets you easily provision, manage, and deploy Secure Sockets Layer/Transport Layer Security certificates for use with AWS services.
aluminumlua a fast, lightweight Lua scripting engine written in C#.
roslynpad an open-source code editor for C# scripts , built using Roslyn and AvalonEdit
rollbacksegments null
rokajaxsearch a truly powerful module that brings fantastic search functionality to Joomla, using the powerful and versatile javascript library, Mootools as well as full Google Search integration.
rokon null
garden-runc null
gbxml Open Green Building XML Schema
gcc4.5 null
gamut In color reproduction, including computer graphics and photography, the gamut, or color gamut /ˈɡæmət/, is a certain complete subset of colors.
gae-whitelist null
akka.net-streams null
galib an open source C++ library for genetic algorithm optimization for Linux and Windows
differentialequations.jl null
differential-execution differential execution and what is it good for?
diff-lcs Ruby library that computes the difference between two Enumerable sequences using the McIlroy-Hunt longest common subsequence algorithm.
digital-assets null
uvw null
vagrant-share Vagrant Share allows you to share your Vagrant environment with anyone in the world, enabling collaboration directly in your Vagrant environment in almost any network environment with just a single co…
vagrant-ssh null
vaadin-navigator A navigator utility that allows switching of views in a part of an application.
cfilefind null
pastrykit null
merge-file null
metadata-repository null
message-type null
messagewindow null
support-image-loader null
supl an IP based protocol for Assisted GPS to receive information of GPS satellites quickly via IP instead of slowly receiving over GPS satellite signaling.
supl-2.0 an IP based protocol for Assisted GPS to receive information of GPS satellites quickly via IP instead of slowly receiving over GPS satellite signaling.
pascal-fc a programming language designed to teach concurrent programming
pascalmock Mock object library for Delphi/Kylix/Free Pascal
ora-01747 null
ora-02014 ORA-02014: cannot select FOR UPDATE from view with DISTINCT, GROUP BY, etc.
ora-04098 null
ora-00934 not allowed here
ora-01652 null
cgminer null
cgitb The cgitb module provides a special exception handler for Python scripts.
cgpdfdocumentref null
chai-enzime null
options-resolver null
option-infer null
oqgraph null
ora-00257 ORA-00257: archiver error
cfmutabledictionary CFMutableDictionary manages dynamic dictionaries
cflow GNU cflow analyzes a collection of C source files and prints a graph, charting control flow within the program.
cgilua A tool for creating dynamic Web pages and manipulating input data from Web forms.
egovernment null
ei a comprehensive integration solution that enables communication among various, disparate applications.
efv4 null
effect-systems null
metronome null
bulk-synchronous-parallel See Wikipedia entry: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bulk_synchronous_parallel
buildr-extension null
build.gradle.kts null
k2-smartforms With this technology, users will be able to leverage a drag-and-drop environment to build electronic SmartForms
k2f K2F - PHP framework; write once, plug anywhere.
kannada a Brahmic alphabet script used primarily in India
karma-jasmine-ajax null
kaxaml null
kdialog Linux application that provides a framework of messages and prompts that can be triggered from the command line, to display dialog boxes from shell scripts.
itar ITAR, short for International Traffic in Arms Regulations, is a set of United States government regulations that control the export and import of defense-related articles and services
sustainsys-saml2 a .NET library for SAML2 protocol support, adding SAML2 Service Provider functionality to ASP.NET applications
j2ep a reverse proxy running in tomcat or any other J2EE container.
skipfish an active web application security reconnaissance tool.
smint null
socialregistration null
smartypants for questions related to the Daring Fireball SmartyPants web publishing plug-in that translates plain punctuation into “smart” curly punctuation
soft-debugger null
shedskin An experimental Python-to-C++ compiler
shinythemes an R package that makes it easy to alter the overall appearance of your Shiny applications
simple-el a simple language created for use in the Apache Camel project to evaluate Expressions and Predicates.
sitecore-branch-templates should be used for questions related to Sitecore Branch Templates - predefined collection of items that a CMS user can replicate to create a new structure by selecting an insert option.
silo a library from LLNL for reading and writing scientific data to binary, disk files
simblee null
simavr an AVR simulator for Linux and other platforms that support avr-gcc.
similarweb null
square-cube a system for collecting timestamped events and deriving metrics.
sqltalk Copied from http://support.guptatechnologies.com/Docs/SQLBase/Books/sqltalk10/sqltalk_intro.htm: SQLTalk is an interactive user interface for SQLBase.
sql-smo null
sqlstorage null
sql-server-data-services null
sql-server-bcp used to import and export data from Microsoft® SQL Server™ databases to a data file in a user-specified format.
sqlanydb A package which provides a python interface to the SQL Anywhere database server.
spring-batch-excel related to the https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-batch-extensions/tree/master/spring-batch-excel project.
spring-cxf null
specjour distributed rspec & cucumber via bonjour
spark-list null
spark-packages null
stepic Python image steganography
strokeshadow null
stomp-websocket STOMP Over WebSocket provides a straightforward mapping from a STOMP frame to a JavaScript object.
stocator high performing connector to object storage for Apache Spark, achieving performance by leveraging object store semantics
swagger-akka-http null
svn-notify SVN::Notify - Subversion activity notification
svn-mergeinfo Questions regarding 'svn mergeinfo' operations.
svn-config null
swift1-2 Swift 1.2 specific questions
swift-block null
sublimerope Adds Python completions and some IDE-like functions to Sublime Text 2, through the use of the Rope library
svd-xbee svd-xbee - separates out the API component and is aimed at being a more solid and tested module for working with XBees
svg-transform null
tensor2tensor null
tenfold a platform for building enterprise, database-driven applications without requiring in-depth knowledge of a programming language.
templatepower TemplatePower offers you the ability to separate your PHP code and your layoutfile.
tcp-slow-start part of the congestion control strategy used by TCP, the data transmission protocol used by many Internet applications.
template-context null
tfs-analysis null
text-xslate a fast, flexible and, highly extensible template processing system for Perl, similar to Template Toolkit.
sysdeo Eclipse tomcat plugin.
sysdig Linux system exploration and troubleshooting tool with first class support for containers.
sysdatabases null
sysin null
sysoperationframework The SysOperation framework replaces the RunBase Framework and provides infrastructure for creating user interaction dialog boxes and integration with the batch server for batch processing.
synchronized-scrolling null
syncroot null
syncsort-dmx-h SyncSORT's DMX-with-Hadoop product.
system-status null
tableservicescontext null
taskset null
tbuttonededit tbuttonedEdit, a VCL control introduced in recent version of Delphi, consists of an edit control with two embedded buttons
tasktop Tasktop products, such as dev eclipse plugin etc.
taverna a workflow system for scientific workflows.
tcltk2 null
tclws a SOAP/HTTP library for Tcl.
unattend-file null
underlyingtype null
unpkg null
unnamed-class A class that has been declared without a class-head-name.
ungit a Git GUI client written in NodeJS.
unhookwindowshookex null
tx-fluidcontent null
type.js Type.js allows you to write new CSS properties to take finer typographic control of type styles on the web.
ua-parser null
uaprof null
uaf null
tzdata null
uchiwa an opensource dashboard for the Sensu monitoring framework, built with Go and AngularJS.
ueye null
uimafit null
tizen-install null
time-hires null
tidb an open source distributed Hybrid Transactional/Analytical Processing database.
tidycensus null
toad-scripting Toad's automation utility that allows you to easily script database activities and schedule them using the windows scheduler
tntnet a modular, multithreaded, high performance webapplicationserver for C++.
tokend null
tracking-reference null
tracker-enabled-dbcontext .NET - Library for entity framework that allows full data auditing for the application
triton an open source project providing hybrid cloud computing infrastructure and is sponsored by Joyent.
triq a pure Erlang implementation of the QuickCheck style of testing.
tre-library a library for approximate regular expression matching.
truesdk a product from Truecaller that enables one-touch sign-up using third-party mobile Android applications with an existing Truecaller phone number
try-with The construct used for F# exception handling, which is similar to C#'s try..catch.
vex a high-performance expression language used in many places in Houdini
version-tree null
video-reactjs null
virtual-pc-2007 null
vpd for questions dealing with Oracle Fine Grained Access Control and the `DBMS_RLS` package,
voxeo an interactive voice response software created by Voxeo Corp.
watch-notification null
warning-level A compiler option that controls which warnings the compiler issues
vmwaretasks null
voog a tool for building and managing multilingual websites.
vosao Vosao CMS, a free, open-source content management system for web sites hosted on the Google App Engine for Java.
windows-vista-software null
win-company-app Windows Phone enables companies to publish and distribute Windows Phone apps directly to their employees or other users, bypassing the Windows Phone Store.
win32serviceutil null
windows-3.1 About Microsoft Windows 3.1
websphere-9 null
webviewrunonuithread null
web-slice null
webix-treetable null
webfinger a protocol to obtain information about people by just their e-mail address.
webflow-css null
wavefront-telegraf null
wcf-encryption null
rbenv-vars To list vars configured by rbenv-vars: > rbenv vars To set environment variables for rbenv vars, edit the file .rbenv-vars in the folder from where Ruby is called
read-replication null
realmsearchviewcontroller null
ratecard-api null
racsequence null
radioelement A synonym for radio buttons: elements used in forms
radiance a suite of programs for the analysis and visualization of lighting in design.
radfileexplorer null
radvd null
qr-operator null
qreadwritelock The QReadWriteLock class, part of the Qt framework, provides read-write locking.
qtwinextras QtWinExtra provide classes and functions that enables the use of miscellaneous Windows-specific functions
quasiquotes null
query-extender a control for ASP.Net that applies filtering to a data source.
qlogin null
qqmlengine null
re-natal null
remoteusermiddleware null
ref-struct null
receigen Generate Receipt Validation Code for OS X and iOS
recoll A desktop text search application for Unix, Linux and Mac OS X, based on the Xapian search engine library.
resource-contracts a JSF 2.2 specific feature which allows an easier way to introduce multi-templating in JSF web applications.
retrospectiva null
revapi an API checker for the masses
ripcord null
sdi-12 null
selection-color null
selecteditemtemplate null
scatterpie An R package to create scatter-pie plot based on the ggplot2 and ggforce package.
scimore A super light weight but powerful SQL database for widows
scidb Array database designed for multidimensional data management and analytics common to scientific, geospatial, financial, and industrial applications
scheme48 an implementation of Scheme written by Richard Kelsey and Jonathan Rees
scmbug a tool for software change management that insists on tying commits to a particular bug number
scrollmonitorjs null
sharing-violation null
sharepoint-survey-list null
rqt null
rsm null
rpcl a framework used to build PHP applications on RadPHP XE.
rmannotation An RMAnnotation defines a container for annotation data to be placed on a map
rlmarray Questions related to Realm database can have this tag.As mostly realm deals with RLMObjects and RLMArrays.
rlmlinkingobjects null
roboelectric null
rubypress a Ruby gem which implements an interface for the WordPress XML-RPC API.
rum null
salesforce-einstein null
sanity-testing null
sarissa an ECMAScript library acting as a cross-browser wrapper for native XML APIs
sas-af null
sap-lumira null
scales-xml Scales Xml provides both a more flexible approach to XML handling and a simplified way of interacting with XML.
parosproxy for assessing web application vulnerability
parparvm Meant to tag Codename One iOS VM low level issues/capabilities and usage of ParparVM that isn't necessarily related to Codename One
paramstr null
pagey null
pact-net a cross-language tool that provides Consumer Driven Contracts testing.
parted GNU Parted manipulates partition tables
parse-osx-sdk null
parserole A way of assigning different User types and roles using the Parse.com API.
pawserver PAW Server implements the filtering HTTP Proxy for PAW.
pbmplus the original name for the Netbpm library
pbxcp null
pc104 null
perl-context null
perldb Perl's built-in console-mode debugger
perfectjpattern a framework and catalog of componentized Java Design Patterns.
onpageloadstring null
onkillfocus a CWnd member function that is called right before a control loses its focus.
opendns a company and service which extends the Domain Name System by adding features such as phishing protection and optional content filtering to traditional recursive DNS services
octokat.js null
ocilib an open source and cross platform Oracle Driver that delivers efficient access to Oracle databases.
operf null
opnsense a fork of pfSense and is therefor a open source firewall/router computer software distribution based on FreeBSD.
opsview Monitoring software based on Nagios
operations-orchestration null
operator-arrow-star For questions about using or overloading the C++ ->* operator.
openjscad a web-based 2D and 3D modeling tool that uses JavaScript.
openjml a tool for working with logical annotations in Java programs.
oracle-rules a high performance lightweight business rules product that addresses the requirements for agility, business control, and transparency
oracle-osm null
oracle-policy-automation null
primereact null
prc-tools a collection of tools supporting C and C++ programming for Palm OS
pre-3d null
printqueuewatch a .NET component that facilitates monitoring one or more printers from a WinForms application and gathering information from the print system above and beyond tha…
psychparser null
proxysql null
prudentia a deployment automation framework based on Ansible
piglet a lightweight Parser/Lexer generator written in C#.
pickler null
picklesdoc null
picolisp a virtual machine architecture and an interpreted programming language.
pictos the name of a commercially available set of royalty free icons for UI designers.
pi-calculus In theoretical computer science, the π-calculus is a process calculus originally developed by Robin Milner, Joachim Parrow and David Walker as a continuation of work on the process ca…
permessagedeflate null
perl-stash another name for the symbol table.
perlop Perl operators and precedence
perl-mouse an object system for the Perl programming language that provides a subset of Moose's functionality
photon-os null
photographic-mosaic a replica of an existing image created from thumbnails
ponydebugger a remote debugging toolset that operates as a client library and gateway server combination using Chrome Developer Tools on a web browser to debug an application’s network traffic and …
posiflex null
plistlib null
playframework-routing null
plotly.js a high-level, declarative charting library
pllua A Postgres extension to enable writing stored functions in Lua
docklight a testing, analysis and simulation instrument for serial communication protocols: RS232, RS485/422 and others.
pyleus a Python framework for developing and launching Storm topologies: https://github.com/Yelp/pyleus
python-socketio null
python-pool null
python-pulsar Event driven concurrent framework for python.
safari-minimal-ui null
sage-300 null
amazon-mobile-ads null
amazon-firefly Amazon's system that allows visual recognition of real world objects, and linkage into Amazon's ecosystem.
amazon-directory-services a service offered as part of Amazon Web Services
laszlo null
large-fonts null
laravel-session null
angular-schematics null
angular-trix null
authsmtp null
feature-envy a code smell in which a feature of one class uses more features of another class than it does of its own.
nice-language The Nice programming language.
nikeplus-api Nike+ API Activity Services return aggregated and detailed information of a user’s workouts with Nike+.
nimbuzz null
nhibernate-2 for Nhibernate version 2.x series specific question.
ngx-treeview null
react-native-stripe-api null
react-native-swiper null
react-native-tab-view null
ng-clip null
ngb-datepicker null
ng-component-outlet null
newtonscript a prototype-based programming language created to write programs for the Newton platform
react-sticky null
babelua A free lua editor and debugger.
babel-preset-env null
azure-web-app-for-containers for questions related to Azure Web App for Containers, which Easily deploy and run containerized web apps that scale with your business
appcelerator-facebook null
appcelerator-android null
ip2long Converts a string containing an Internet Protocol dotted address into a proper address -> http://php.net/manual/fr/function.ip2long.php
ipaper null
apispark enables any API, application or data owner to become an API provider in minutes via an intuitive browser interface.
angular-component-life-cycle null
angularfaces AngularFaces allows you to use both JSF and AngularJS in the same web application.
vue2-dropzone null
vue-mixin a way to distribute code to multiple components within vue.
vuforia-cloud-recognition null
statement-modifiers null
critical-region null
createsamples null
static-reflection null
statlight null
background-media-player null
register-keyword null
lcc described as
lcm-data-marshalling Use for questions regarding Lightweight Communications and Marshalling libraries or tools.
reliable-secure-profile null
layout-optimization null
lazy.js a functional utility library for JavaScript, similar to Underscore and Lo-Dash.
database-com A Platform-as-a-Service database environment delivered on the same force.com platform used by salesforce, but without the higher-level business services.
data.gov a U.S
dat a grant-funded, open-source, decentralized data sharing specification and toolkit for efficiently versioning and syncing changes to data.
clojure-core.match clojure-core.match - an optimized pattern match and predicate dispatch library for Clojure
clojure-1.3 a dialect of the Lisp programming language
cloog a free software and library to generate code for scanning Z-polyhedra.
clojuresque now a plugin for Gradle, which adds Clojure support
closedir null
entlib-logging null
tealeaf For questions regarding the IBM product Tealeaf.
kubernetes-fission null
telerik-testing-tools null
telerik-platform Telerik Platform allows you to build robust cross-platform mobile apps for iOS, Android, and Windows Phone using the web skills you know and love
telegraf-output-plugins null
command-text ADO CommandText Property
common-access-card null
ladda A UI concept which merges loading indicators into the action that invoked them
kunstmaan null
la4j an open source Java library that provides Linear Algebra primitives and algorithms.
xembed XEmbed protocol
yahoo-astra null
yawl an open-source BPM/Workflow system for Java
yapf null
yadda Yadda brings true BDD to JavaScript test frameworks such as Jasmine, Mocha, QUnit, Nodeunit, WebDriverJs and CasperJS
xy-grid null
xnet xNet - a class library for .NET Framework, which includes Classes for work with proxy servers: HTTP, Socks4, Socks5, Classes for work with HTTP 1.0/1.1 protocol: keep-alive, gzip, deflate, chunked,…
xtrachart collection of 2D and 3D charts and graphs
xobotos a Xamarin research project that explored porting Android 4.0 from Java/Dalvik to C# to explore the performance and memory footprint benefits of C#.
xcode9.1-beta the latest beta release of Xcode Tool
wwwhisper null
xcode3 Version 3.x of Apple's Xcode IDE.
wordpress-gutenberg null
hdevtools Vim plugin for Haskell development powered by the lightnight fast hdevtools background server.
hdf5storage the hdf5storage package, a Python package to read and write python data types to HDF5 files beyond just Numpy types.
hat a source-level tracer for the Haskell programming language
youwave-for-android null
yii-actions the base class for all controller action classes
yii2-giiant null
ynchronizationontext null
jsyntaxpane a very simple to use and extend JEditorKit that supports few languages
jsr257 JSR 257: Contactless Communication API
jsr335 JSR 335: Lambda Expressions for the Java Programming Language
jspell HTML Spell Checker and Java Spell Checker, compatible with JavaScript, open source software, Ajax, ASP .NET, JSP, CGI, Java Applets and Servlets.
zx81 The ZX81, released in a slightly modified form in the United States as the Timex Sinclair 1000, was a home computer produced by Sinclair Research and manufactured in Scotland by Timex Corporation
jsonrpc4j This project aims to provide the facility to easily implement JSON-RPC for the java programming language
yeti-launch a Sass build tool created by Zurb.
rhino-tools null
r-graphviz null
functional-index null
functional-logic-progr Functional Logic Programming is a composite paradigm unifiying the Functional Programming and Logic Programming paradigms.
rfc6902 Request for Comments JavaScript Object Notation Patch
rfh2 null
ftasync A c library that allows to sync CoreData entities with a Parse backend
fsharpcodeprovider FSharpCodeProvider provides access to the F# compiler and code generator
provider-independent null
netflix-exhibitor null
netgroup a file used by the linux kernel to specify network groups
netfs null
netlib-java null
netmera a cloud platform optimized for mobile applications
netty-socketio null
nette-tester unit testing tool specifically designed for PHP Nette Framework.
mugenmvvmtoolkit Mugen MVVM Toolkit makes it easier to develop cross-platform application using the Model-View-ViewModel design pattern
protected-folders null
proto-repl null
blekko A web search engine that utilizes slashtags to draw results from a curated list of trusted websites.
blaze-advisor null
blackberry-c++ null
codaset null
code-auditing a comprehensive analysis of source code in a programming project with the intent of discovering bugs, security breaches or violations of programming conventions.
bliki The Java Wikipedia API
angular2-headers null
react-native-lightbox null
react-native-config null
react-native-debugger null
react-native-in-app-utils null
axmediaplayer the baseclass for the windows media player control.
axosoft a powerful tool that allows developers to build custom applications and extend the functionality of Axosoft Suite.
azul-zing a full-featured Java runtime enhanced by Azul Systems to work in concert with the Linux operating system
linkfieldvalue null
wxhttp null
limit-clause null
line.me a proprietary application for instant communications on electronic devices such as smartphones, tablet computers and personal computers.
common-data-format the file format developed at NASA in the 1980s to store scientific data such as scalars, vectors and multidimensional arrays
common-schema a self contained schema which includes a set of sophisticated views, routines and a specialized scripting language , simplifying MySQL server administration and analysis.
co-monk null
product-catalog null
procstat null
profilecommon null
process-reaper The process which becomes the parent of a child process when the child's parent ends.
wybuild Questions about using wyBuild to build patch files for updating Windows applications
xampp-vm null
xaml-tools null
vba7 an event-driven, object-oriented programming language for writing macros, used for the entire Office suite as well as other applications
ioke a strongly typed, extremely dynamic, prototype based object oriented language that aims to give developers the same kind of power they get with Lisp and Ruby, combined with a nice, small, regu…
inventions null
qtif null
qt-connection null
qt-contextmenu null
intraweb-10 null
invantive-dap null
invalid-postback null
intersystems-healthshare when asking questions about HL7, CDA, Caché or other HIT technologies when specifically related to or affected by the Intersystems HealthShare product.
intersystems-cache-zen an application framework for quickly creating data-rich Web applications that is included with Cache and Ensemble.
interstage a collection of internet technologies from Fujitsu and includes Interstage Application Server , Interstage BPM , Interstage XWand
qtpositioning null
dataminer null
mtlbuffer null
msscc null
mshflexgrid Microsoft Hierarchical FlexGrid
data-reify null
mspec-ruby Minimalist testing framework similar to RSpec, used in , a C# testing framework.
msnpsharp a .net library that implements the MSN protocol
data-member-pointers null
veracity An open source, distributed version control and bug tracking system for Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux
vensim null
veracrypt should be used for programming questions involving interacting with VeraCrypt
datagridtablestyle null
verot-upload-class null
qtpy A Python package that provides a uniform layer for PyQt5, PyQt4, PySide2 and PySide.
intrinsic-ratio null
introduction null
qthelp null
io-async a module that provides asynchronous, event-driven programming.
vba6 null
xamlbuild null
xaml-2009 XAML 2009 extends its prior version of XAML, adding a few new features.
xbehave.net for questions relating to xBehave.net, the extension for xUnit.net for describing your tests using natural language.
discord.io null
wyam a highly modular and extremely configurable static content generator and toolkit.
display-dpi null
disk-imaging null
qsgclipnode null
proclarity business intelligence software providing analysis and visualizations against Microsoft's BI platform, primary against Microsoft Analysis Services, including ProClarity Analytics Server and ProCl…
profound-grid A responsive grid system for fixed & fluid layouts, built in SCSS/Compass
common-project-system the new project system used for .NET Core projects, and Visual Studio 2017
commondomain null
company-hub Windows Phone enables companies to publish and distribute Windows Phone apps directly to their employees or other users, bypassing the Windows Phone Store
processhandle null
processhtml null
likwid lightweight collection of command line tools for the performance oriented programmer.
lindo null
linda a model of coordination and communication among several parallel processes operating upon objects stored in and retrieved from shared, virtual, associative memory.
wxmpl null
link-grammar null
link-header null
azure-ase null
azure-application-settings null
axuielement null
axum a domain specific concurrent programming language, based on the Actor model, being developed by Microsoft.
angular6 Questions about Angular version 6, the web framework from Google
ios-app-signing Code signing your app assures users that it is from a known source and the app hasn’t been modified since it was last signed
ios-settings-bundle null
iosfwd C++ Input-Output forward declarations header
azure-availability-zones null
react-laravel null
react-native-button null
reactive-property an open-source .NET library that provides convenience methods to convert IObservable objects and INotifyPropertyChanged events to properties that implement INotifyPropertyChanged, …
reactivevalidatedobject null
react-native-meteor null
angular2-rc5 null
blink-developer-tools null
django-markdown-deux null
django-nani null
coda-format Coded statement of account This bank standard specifies the lay-out for the electronic files
codebeside null
codecampserver null
blackberry-basiceditfield null
blackberry-5 null
blackberry-9800 null
codeigniter-4 the latest major version tree of the popular PHP-based framework
blazor a experimental framework that lets developers write client-side code in .NET.
protocol-inheritance null
prototip null
protofield a Protocol field to be used when adding items to a dissection tree
proofpoint null
multibyte-characters null
nettle null
netstandard2 null
neto for the https://www.neto.com.au/ eCommerce Platform.
netd null
nested-types A type defined inside another type
nest-thermostat null
fudge a Python module for using fake objects to test real ones.
full-expression null
rgp null
rhel-scl Red Hat Enterprise Linux Software Collections
rhino-dsl null
rhoconnect a data synchronization server and client library that keeps enterprise app data current and available on users’ mobile devices
cocos2d-extensions-ios Extensions and additions for the Cocos2D-iPhone Engine
z-curve the number of basis points one needs to add to the Treasury spot rates yield curve, so that the NPV of the bond cash flows equals the market price of the bond
zeitgeist a service which logs the users’ activities and events, anywhere from files opened to websites visited and conversations had.
json-spec a Ruby gem that makes it easier to work with testing API's via Cucumber and RSpec The json_spec gem is a collection of RSpec matchers and a collection of Cucumber steps to wrap them up.
zxcvbn null
zxingobjc a full Objective-C port of ZXing , a Java barcode image processing library
json-schema-faker null
jsqlite Quick and simple SQLite database maker/accessor for Android
jsr203 the umbrella under which the new file API was created
jsystem a Java based, open-source framework for writing and running automated tests.
jstransform A simple utility from Facebook for pluggable JS syntax transforms using the esprima parser.
jstimezonedetect ECMAScript library to obtain an IANA zone info key representing the client device's time zone setting.
yii2-authclient null
yii2-dynagrid null
youtrack-api null
youtracksharp null
yui-charts null
dashcast null
hbase-filter null
jsxhint A wrapper around JSHint to allow linting of files containing JSX syntax.
hcalendar a microformat standard for displaying a semantic HTML representation of iCalendar-format calendar information
headjs HeadJS, a small library for Responsive Design, Feature Detections & Resource Loading
heap-analytics null
wsma null
wwwidgets a professional set of useful widgets for Qt 4 and Qt 5.
wtfpl null
yaf-php-framework a PHP MVC framework which is written in C and build as PHP extension.
yag a gallery extension for the TYPO3 CMS.
yappi yet another Python profiler.
yaxlib a flexible XML serialization library in the .NET Framework.
yellowbrick a Python visualization library for machine learning
yahoo-merchant-store null
yahoo-squidb For questions relating to the SquiDB SQLite database layer for Android
xenocode the name of a company as well as a short name for its application virtualization products
kvnprogress null
commitizen null
commarea used to pass data between successive transactions in a CICS® pseudoconversational transaction.
landscape.io a service addon for GitHub to do Python style checks based on PEP8, PyLint, McCabe, Flake8, ...
techan.js null
tectonic-coreos null
teavm null
telerik-javascript null
kubernetes-apiserver null
kubernetes-statefulset null
tdsodbc ODBC driver for connecting to MS SQL and Sybase SQL servers.
cloudhopper null
cloud-foundry-bosh null
cloudbreak null
cloudcannon null
backupmanager null
database-com-sdk Java SDK for database.com services
layout-extraction null
lattix null
relationship-extraction an IBM Watson Service that can analyze news articles and use statistical modeling to perform linguistic analysis of the input text
registry-pattern null
lbr-iiwa-rapi Lbr iiwa rapi for kuka robots
backbone-associations null
stdapply The C++17 std::apply function takes a function and a tuple and calls the function with the contents of the the tuple as its arguments.
static-indexers null
static-dispatch null
createsend A Ruby library which implements the complete functionality of the Campaign Monitor API
reliable-actors null
reloadrows null
crichedit null
cross-cast null
cronet null
vuikit a collection of VueJS components built on top of the UIkit framework.
vunit a unit testing framework for VHDL/SystemVerilog.
wac null
vue-class-components null
vue-data-tables null
apify a service to run headless Chrome and Selenium in the cloud
iot-devkit an all-in-one IoT Device Kit to develop and prototype IoT solutions that take advantage of Microsoft Azure services.
ios-webkit-debug-proxy null
apn-node a node library to send notifications through the Apple Push Notification Service
od null
react-ssr null
ng2-redux null
ng2-resource-rest null
ng-csv-import null
nifty-modal a small browser library for simple modal dialogs.
nhydrate a model driven development tool for Visual Studio
feature-receivers null
autocompletefilter null
angular-ui-pagination null
amazon-s3-infrequent null
amazon-dms a web service you can use to migrate data from your database that is on-premises, on an Amazon Relational Database Service DB instance, or in a database …
amazon-neptune For questions related to Amazon Neptune, a graph database service which supports both Property Graph and RDF graph models, as well as their respective query languages Apache TinkerPop Gremlin and SPAR…
amazon-in null
amazon-macie a security service that uses machine learning to automatically discover, classify, and protect sensitive data in AWS
safe-exam-browser a webbrowser-environment to carry out online exams safely
safari-windows only for Windows's version of Safari, not for the OS X version.
safari-11 Safari version 11 released at September 19, 2017, use this tag in addition of safari tag when you want to ask specific question related with this version.
sac a standard interface for CSS parser and supposed to work with CSS1, CSS2, CSS3 and other CSS derived languages.
odb-orm an open-source, cross-platform, and cross-database object-relational mapping system for C++.
odoo-enterprise null
python-pex null
pythonplotter Used for questions related to python library for using matplotlib from .NET programs .
python-simple-crypt null
python-moderngl null
python-module-unicodedata null
python-parsley null
python-nolearn nolearn contains a number of wrappers and abstractions around existing neural network libraries, most notably Lasagne, along with a few machine learning utility modules
python-visual null
pyftpsync null
pygradle null
pygraphics null
pylearn2 null
docotic.pdf null
pls-file null
plperlu null
pip2pi a tool that builds a PyPI-compatible package repository from pip requirements
plenv a tool for installing and managing multiple versions of perl in your home directory
poshserver a Secure, flexible and lightweight web server.
portal-server null
post-checkout-hook null
popt The popt library exists essentially for parsing command-line options
portable-rest null
photon-controller A distributed, multi-tenant host controller optimized for containers.
photoshop-sdk null
photobooth null
perl-ipc-run null
perlsections null
picat a logic-based multi-paradigm programming language with predicates, constraints, functions, and actors.
physx.net a .Net library that is a wrapper for the NVIDIA PhysX API.
phxsoftware null
phpbms null
php-arc null
phpagi null
php2html Php2Html enables web site administrators to create static documents from dynamic PHP URLs Php2Html will enable web site administrators to easily create static documents from dynamic PHP URLs
picoc a very small C interpreter for scripting
piet an esoteric programming language that uses bitmap images as the syntax
pinocc.io small computers derived from the Arduino Mega, but with built-in mesh networking, web-connectivity via WiFi, and rechargeable batteries
pseudo-destructor A destructor for a non-class type, primarily used for calling destructors in templates
proxylocal a website 'proxylocal.com' which provide service to proxy your local web-server and make it publicly available over the internet.
psmtabbarcontrol null
psr-6 PSR-6 describes PHP's common caching standard
psunit null
pyccuracy a Behaviour-Driven-Development-style tool written in Python that aims to make it easier to write automated acceptance tests.
pwnat a tool that allows any number of clients behind NATs to communicate with a server behind a separate NAT.
pwntools a CTF framework and exploit development library.
pythonce null
python-blessings a thin, practical wrapper around terminal coloring, styling, and positioning
python-control A Python package that implements basic operations for analysis and design of feedback control systems.
pycups null
prisma-graphql Prisma turns your database into a GraphQL API.
prism-storeapps null
project-siena null
projectwise an application for content management and project collaboration.
project-estimation null
progress-reports null
primefaces-dialog-framework null
predestroy null
oracle-objects-ole a COM automation library that allows access to a Oracle Data Source using OLE, it should not be confused with Oracle Provider for OLEDB used for connecting to an ODBC Data So…
oracle-mds MDS stands for Metadata Services
oracleinternetdirectory null
orbit.js for questions about Orbit.js, a promise-based JavaScript library for managing access to data sources.
orbacus a mature CORBA-compliant middleware product that has been deployed around the world in mission critical systems in the telecommunications, finance, government, defense, aerospace and transp…
ordercloud A cloud-based eCommerce platform exposed entirely via a RESTful API.
orcid ORCID provides a persistent digital identifier that distinguishes you from every other researcher
orchestrate when referring to orchestrate.io, its api, or anything related.
orcad null
openviewerfx the successor of the open source JPedal PDF Viewer
openvbx an open-source product that lets you take advantage of all of Twilio’s integrated services, like text to speech, voice transcription, voicemail forwarding, and SMS messaging
openxpki null
openzeppelyn null
opf3 Object Persistent Framework 3
oci-python-sdk null
oci-java-sdk an infrastructure cloud computing service offered by Oracle Corporation.By using Java SDK you can install, configure Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.Use this tag for questio…
oclint-json-compilation null
ocp-build a simple tool to build OCaml packages
ocamldebug null
octobercms-viewbag null
omr null
oneplusx null
openglraw a raw Haskell binding for the OpenGL 3.2 graphics system and lots of OpenGL extensions.
opencv-ml machine learning module of opencv
perceptivemcapi null
perl5.16 Version 5.16 of the Perl programming language.
perl4 null
pbxt null
pdc2008 null
pclxl null
paypal-marketplaces null
paymentwall For questions related to the company Paymentwall, a global digital content distribution and ecommerce platform for selling games, digital content, and subscriptions.
partial-caching null
padr refers to the package, in the R programming language
pad-xml null
otter-script an interpreted Domain-Specific Language used to represent configuration/orchestration plans in Otter and deployment plans in BuildMaster.
pager.js a JavaScript library based on KnockoutJS and jQuery that provides the possibility of creating single page applications in a declarative fashion - nesting subpages inside subpages where eac…
page-library null
palm-pre2 null
palib null
scaml null
samsung-edge an Android phablet produced by Samsung Electronics
ruhoh a static site generator made for publishing content on the Internet
ruby-saml a SAML SSO for Ruby
rubyspec a project to write an executable specification for the Ruby Programming Language.
robotic-scraping null
routelocalization-mvc null
riverplot null
ripgrep null
rmiio A Java library which aims to make it simple to send large amounts of data using RMI.
r-model-formula null
rmo-programming null
rmqclient null
routing-slip null
rshd null
rsf Reasonable Server Faces Framework
rrd4j null
r-s4 One of the methods of object oriented programming in the R language.
sgml-mode null
sfc For questions regarding Sequential Function Charts
setuservisiblehint null
seyren an alerting dashboard for Graphite graphing system.
set-context-info Associates up to 128 bytes of binary information with the current session or connection.
setfsuid a function that is used to set user identity used for file system checks on UNIX -like systems.
serializableattribute null
select-syscall null
scripty2 null
scrollstotop null
scntechnique An SCNTechnique object describes a rendering technique that uses one or more additional drawing passes, each of which uses a custom OpenGL shader program to augment or postprocess SceneKit’s rendering…
scntranscaction null
scoobi a Scala library that focuses on making you more productive at building Hadoop applications.
scenic Scenic adds methods to ActiveRecord::Migration to create and manage database views in Rails.
selblocks-plugin a language extension for Selenium IDE that provides javascript-like conditionals, looping, callable functions, error catching, and JSON/XML driven parametrization.
selection-object null
selector-drawable null
selectonebutton null
sdcalertcontroller null
sculpture null
seamless-login null
rfc2368 about
rewritelog an Apache directive that sets the name of the file to which the server logs any rewriting actions it performs.
resource-ref null
require-method null
resetevent ResetEvent refers to AutoResetEvent or ManualResetEvent, both signal events to waiting threads, but in different ways.
redux-loop null
redsmin a fully-featured, no-installation required, online GUI for Redis
reference-application null
regexserde null
reflectinsight An Application Logging Extensions library for the .NET Framework
remotestorage An open protocol for per-user storage, allowing you to move your data at will without having to change the ways you access it.
remote-blob-store null
qor Questions relating to the QOR develpoment suite for Go
qpen null
qlinkedlist a template class from the Qt Toolkit which provides linked lists
qitemselectionmodel null
qizmt null
qinputdialog null
python-markdown null
rabbit.js Library which provides a simple, socket-oriented API for messaging in Node.JS, using RabbitMQ as a backend.
quartz.net-3.0 a port of an open source Java job scheduling framework.
qualys null
quantopian a website and API for writing investment algorithms using Python.
radpdf a complete HTML based PDF viewer, editor, and form filler for ASP.NET.
r-ape Package written in the R language for use in molecular evolution and phylogenetics
rapier-loom a dynamic weaver for Aspect Oriented Programming in Microsoft .NET
rapydscript Questions relating to RapydScript language
raptor2 a free software / Open Source C library that provides a set of parsers and serializers
ractive-load A component loader for RactiveJS
raudus a web-framework and component set for Delphi and Lazarus, that allow create Rich Internet Applications
realm-base-adapter null
readspeaker null
read-text null
watson-personality-insights Personality Insights Predict personality characteristics, needs and values through written text
webextension-storage for questions about the storage Mozilla Browser Extension
webdriverwait WebDriverWait : WebDriverWait which extends FluentWait<WebDriver> is a specialization of Class FluentWait<T> that uses WebDriver instances.
webduino Simple and extensible web server for Arduino and Ethernet Shield
webcron the term for a time-based job scheduler hosted on a web server
webcombo null
websitepanel null
win32-service-gem null
wingdb null
winio IO library for Windows
wollok a programming language and IDE meant to be used for teaching OOP lessons
woopra null
wordcloud2 null
volojs an automation tool for nodejs.
volumio null
voip-android null
void-safety Questions about compile-time techniques preventing calls on non-existing targets in object-oriented languages
void-t In C++17, a utility metafunction that maps a sequence of any types to the type void.
wallaby Concurrent browser tests with elixir
virtual-member-manager Virtual Member Manager is a shared component which combines the current functionalities of the WebSphere Member Manager, the WAS User Registry…
virtual-topic null
virtualfish a set of extensions to Ian Bicking's virtualenv, designed specifically for the Fish shell, and analogous to virtualenvwrapper.
visage a domain specific language designed for the express purpose of writing user interfaces.
vladivostok for questions about the Vladivostok Router, Angular's default router.
vmdisconnectedexception null
visual-testing null
vertxoptions null
victoire null
vgl null
variable-alias null
varnish-3 null
validator.js null
value-iteration null
twentyseventeen null
truelicense a comprehensive open source license management engine and API for the Java Virtual Machine.
twiml-bins null
twilio-programmable-voice null
trepan null
tridion-ui null
tridion-worldserver All the issues related to Tridion worldserver, which is now a part of Tridion 2011 for translation for languages
tripwire null
tripcode null
trackpopupmenu null
transactionloganalysis null
tnt4j an application logging framework for correlation, diagnostics and tracking of application activities.
tms570 a range of ARM Cortex-R-based microcontrollers from TI.
tmtumblrsdk null
tracepoint null
tr2 null
tibero the name of a relational databases and database management system utilities produced and marketed by TIBERO Corporation, part of South Korean owned TmaxSoft.
tilera a fabless semiconductor company focusing on scalable multicore embedded processor design
tlc null
udash null
uipreviewaction null
uml-eclipse-plugin The graphical tool to edit and vizualize UML models in Eclipse
umodel null
ubuntu-cloud An OpenStack cloud with ubuntu OS
uamodalpanel null
txtuml The name txtUML stands for textual, executable and translatable UML
typo3-7.1.x null
tzstackview a replica of iOS 9's new UIStackView for use in iOS 7 and iOS 8
u8glib a Universal Graphics Library for 8 Bit Embedded Systems.
uaappreviewmanager a simple and lightweight App review prompting tool for iOS and Mac App Store apps.
unhosted unhosted web apps don’t send the user data to their server.
unified-log a coherent data processing architecture designed to encompass batch and near-real time stream data, event logging and aggregation, and data processing on the resulting unifie…
unicoins a mythical monetary unit that is only of use in lands inhabited by unicorns and on StackExchange on April Fools Day 2014.
unordered-containers null
underarmour null
underscore.php a PHP port of the popular Underscore.js library.
unreal-umg the GUI based editor for the Slate GUI library
tclientsock null
tattletale an open source JBoss Community project that helps determine the packaging and dependency structures of Java jar, war, and ear packages.
tatukgis a comprehensive GIS development toolkit with many functions and properties, GIS internet server, and aerial imagery rectification software.
tablesaw a group of plugins for responsive tables in web applications.
system-procedures null
taae2 null
sys.dm-sql null
thunar null
thumbnail-handler null
throwaway null
texttt a LaTeX command that makes its argument appear in teletypefont family
textmate-1.5 Related to TextMate 1.5 code editor
tempus-dominus-datetimepicker the new version of Eonasdan datetimepicker
terminal-services-gateway null
svg-react-loader null
svenson a Java5 JSON generator/parser.
subsonic-v3p2 null
subspec null
subinacl a Microsoft Windows command line tool used used by administrators to manage security settings on files, registry keys, and services.
swiftexpress null
symfony-workflows null
stroll.js A collection of CSS list scroll effects
stringwithstring null
starmap null
start-of-line The beginning of a line
spark-repl null
sparksee a scalable high-performance graph database.
spearmint null
spatialpack An R package to assess the association between two spatial processes.
solr.net null
spark-checkpoint null
spree-upgrade null
spring-boot-docker-plugin null
sql-azure-alerts null
sql2java SQL2JAVA object-relational mapping tool
spview null
sql-server-unit-testing null
sqldependencyex null
sql-server-6.5 for questions specific to the 6.5 version of Microsoft's SQL Server.
square-checkout null
stapes.js A tiny Javascript MVC microframework.
stado a fork of the open sourced and abandoned GridSQL project
stacky A C# library for the Stack Exchange API
stacktable.js an open source jQuery plugin for stacking tables on small screens.
sitecore5.2 a Web Content Management System built on Microsoft ASP.net
sitefinity-mvc null
signavio Signavio Workflow Accelerator and Signavio Process Manager JavaScript actions and APIs
sharpsquare null
shellforge a python program that builds shellcodes from C
soft-heap a data structure that acts like a priority queue, but which can corrupt some of the priorities.
sofea null
sockit String <-> Object Coding for Objective-C from https://github.com/NimbusKit/sockit
sodaq-mbili The SODAQ Mbili board is an Arduino compatible data acquisition board designed by Gregory Knauff with the same size of an Raspberry Pi
softlock null
sockaddr null
smartinspect null
smart-playlist null
smartmenus null
smartformat.net a string composition library written in C# that can format data into a string with a minimal, intuitive syntax
smartcn The Smart Chinese Analysis plugin integrates Lucene Smart Chinese analysis module into elasticsearch.
skelta a BPM workflow software that is built on today's cutting-edge Microsoft .NET, XML, and Web services technologies.
skinlookandfeel null
sjson Scala Json with capabilities for Scala Object Serialization
site-mining null
surface-toolkit null
kanji null
kafka-join null
kafka-streams-scala null
bugzscout a simple API to send new bugs directly to FogBugz simply by submitting an HTTP POST/GET request.
build-templates null
builtwith null
metrics-spring null
ehostunreach No route to host - Error message indicating that no route to a particular host could be found.
microsoft-iot-central null
microsoft-acm The Microsoft Audio Compression Manager API
mibian an open source python library for options pricing
cfx null
optparse-generic used to parse command line arguments in Haskell programs.
cg-language a high-level shading language developed by Nvidia in close collaboration with Microsoft for programming vertex and pixel shaders
ora-01735 null
ora-01446 an error in Oracle Database Server, where it says: cannot select ROWID from view with DISTINCT, GROUP BY, etc.
ora-01555 ORA-01555: snapshot too old: rollback segment number %n with name too small.
ora-00972 An error message in Oracle : .
ora-12012 Error on auto execute of job string
ora-01756 null
ora-01795 null
ora-04044 Oracle error code ORA-04044
passage A little library for text analysis with RNNs
ora-29532 null
ora-20000 null
ora-31011 null
ora-38104 null
passport-github2 null
passive-event-listeners Gives opportunity to tell to the browser that you will never call event.preventDefault
supplier null
support-vector-compat null
supquery null
suptitle a function in the MATLAB environment that display a title above a data graph plot
sugarrecord null
meta-attribute null
sundance null
sumatra a reporting engine for Exact Globe and Dynamics NAV provided by Sumatra Software.
mer a Linux-based core distribution intended for use on mobile devices
pathanimator javascript library that allow users to move a DOM element along an SVG path
vagrant-aws A Vagrant v1.2+ plugin that adds an AWS provider to Vagrant, allowing Vagrant to control and provision machines in EC2 and VPC.
uuagc null
utl-match The UTL_MATCH package facilitates matching two records
diff2html null
dictview null
dicttoxml null
r-osgi Remote services for OSGI
ros2 For issues relating to the Robot Operation System version 2.
root-element null
round-rect null
amazon-cli null
airserver null
aframe-super-hands null
afterglow null
agilepoint a product for creating and monitoring workflows.
pabbrev null
ozimov-email-tools null
customplaces null
quova null
quojs a micro javascript library designed for mobile apps.
qwtpolar a library that contains classes for displaying values on a polar coordinate system.
ovp a free multi-core system simulation platform by Imperas Software
apache-fluent-api A fluent API wrapper over the HttpComponents Client library that automatically deals with opening and closing IO streams, allowing for one-line http requests
apache-forrest a publishing framework that transforms input from various sources into a unified presentation in one or more output formats
appcompat-v7-r25 null
appcompat-v7-r23.1 The App Compat Support Library package contains several libraries that can be included in your application
appcompat-v7 null
apache-httpclient-5.x null
apache-pulsar an open-source distributed pub-sub messaging system
aquarium null
apsw a thin Python wrapper over the SQLite API.
apropos a command to search the man page files in Unix and Unix-like operating systems
apple-reporter null
apple-numbers-formula null
appengine-gradle-plugin Questions about the Google App Engine Gradle plugin and Gretty plugin in the context of debugging an App Engine Flexible app.
android-uselibrary null
android-percent-layout null
asynchronous-loader null
asynchronous-method-call simply allowing a function to be executed on separate thread.
asynctest null
auryn null
avangate null
auxil-excel-add-in an Excel add-on which allows retrieval of data from Exact Online into Excel using Invantive SQL
authid The AUTHID clause determines whether a stored function executes with the privileges of its owner or current user
aws4c null
awe.js null
awdwr null
avrohugger null
avectra an association management system with an API called NetForum xWeb
avian a lightweight Java Virtual Machine and class library designed to provide a useful subset of Java's features, suitable for building self-contained applications.
assimulo a simulation package for solving ordinary differential equations
asset-finger-printing a Ruby on Rails plugin to fingerprint asset files using MD5 check-sum
arctext.js a jQuery plugin that let’s you do exactly that
arden-syntax open standard to represent clinical/medical knowledge and decision making
arc42 a template for documenting software architectures
asgard For the last few years Netflix developers have been using self-service tools to build and deploy hundreds of applications and services to the Amazon cloud
asgraphite null
asinetworkqueue part of the deprecated ASIHTTPRequest framework
argparse.jl a package for parsing command-line arguments to Julia programs.
adtf null
alecrimcoredata Use when asking questions regarding the AlecrimCoreData framework.
albireo The Albireo project builds on the SWT_AWT bridge to provide more complete Swing/SWT integration, resulting in a better experience and more credibility for the entire notion of Swing/S…
albpm a program part of the AquaLogic software suite, which offers a set of business process management tools.
afoauth2manager null
actor-platform null
acymailing a Joomla!® component allowing you to maintain real communication with your contacts via e-mail marketing, newsletters, follow-up autoresponders, marketing campaigns, etc.
activity-oncreateview null
adobe-extension null
adaptive-trigger null
amazon-workdocs a secure, managed, document collaboration and management service.
allow-modals a flag that can be set on the sandbox attribute of an iframe to allow modals to break out of the iframe
aloha a Javascript library which allows users to edit target html elements on a page.
ammy A Visual Studio extension which provides a language to build modern UI for XAML
alibaba-cloud-rds Questions related to ApsaraDB for MySQL, ApsaraDB for SQL Server, ApsaraDB for PostgreSQL, ApsaraDB for PPAS
alienvault null
allegro4 a library intended for game and multimedia programming
allegro-pl Allegro is a Polish online auction website based in Poznań
alexacrm-toolkit null
alexa-flash-briefing null
amp-ad-doubleclick null
amp-stories null
amqpstorm a thread-safe RabbitMQ Client & Management library for Python.
anaconda-cluster null
analysis-patterns null
anchor-view null
android-drawable-importer Adds an option to IntelliJ to import drawables in different resolutions from AndroidIcons, own and scale a certain image down/up to the defined resolutions.
android-datasaver null
android4.0.3 an incremental release of the Android 4.x platform family.
postgresql-parallel-query Parallel Query in PostgreSQL enables multiple threads working on the same table for the same query in parallel.
posthtml a tool for transforming HTML/XML with JS plugins
elastic-found Elasticsearch as a Service
ekreminder null
elasticsearch-1.0.0 a powerful open source search and analytics engine
elasticlinq a free C# library for searching ElasticSearch using LINQ syntax in .NET.
shareddbconnectionscope null
accounts-framework an Apple provided framework on OS X and iOS
powerbasic the brand of several commercial compilers.
.net-bcl a library of functionality available to all languages using the .NET Framework.
.net-mac for those questions about using .net on Mac machines.
1010data null
.sbr Technology to enhance audio or speech codecs, especially at low bit rates and is based on harmonic redundancy in the frequency domain.
configureit null
container-file null
contactsui null
content-adaptation The Internet Content Adaptation Protocol is a lightweight HTTP-like protocol used to extend transparent proxy servers that are focused on a specific function
cometd.net null
com-hell null
comclass null
comeau null
comefrom null
command-behaviors null
comboboxlist null
code-patching null
codeigniter-base-model null
excel-iribbonui null
exadmin an auto administration package for Elixir and the Phoenix Framework, a port/inspiration of ActiveAdmin for Ruby on Rails.
ember-1 Major Version 1 of Ember.js
ember-cli-code-coverage null
ember-cli-less Use LESS to preprocess your ember-cli app CSS.
ember-emojione an addon for the Ember frontend framework that provides full emoji support complete with emoji display, emoji picker component and emoji typing assistance
ember-drag-sort null
cppsharp null
cptxygraph null
cpn-tools a tool for editing, simulating, and analyzing Colored Petri nets
contentrules combinations of triggers, conditions and actions to be executed when users does something on your Plone site.
coproduct null
currval used in Sybase SAP SQL Anywhere to get the current value of a database sequence
cursor.current null
curio null
d3-request a D3js module for a convenient alternative to XMLHttpRequest.
custom-dimensions null
crystal-space-3d null
css-color null
cryptsharp .net libraray which provides a number of password crypt algorithms
dirty-tracking null
direct-update null
distributed-r Distributed-R was developed as an by HP Labs and Vertica
dijit.dialog null
devicecheck null
dojo-1.7 null
docx4j.net a .NET implementation of docx4j, a Java library for manipulating Microsoft Open XML files.
documentum7.3 null
dollar.swift a Swift library that provides useful functional programming helper methods without extending any built in objects
dpan null
dr.watson an application debugger included with the Microsoft Windows operating system
dominate null
django-watson a fast multi-model full-text search plugin for Django
django-wysihtml5 null
django-static-precompiler Django-static-precompiler provides template tags and filters to compile a number of languages into Javascript and CSS..
django-subquery null
document-template null
dll-search-path null
ddmlib null
dcat null
delphi-ios the multi-device, true native app development solution for iOS, Windows and Mac
deltawalker null
delorian Python library for working with time built on top of pytz and dateutil.
delimiter-separated-values null
development-machine Anything related to computers specifically used and/or configured for software development.
detection-idiom The C++ detection idiom a programming pattern for detecting valid usages of types
datastax-studio Should be used in reference to the Datastax Studio product, currently in version 1.0.
data-transfer-process null
datecell very useful for developing iOS7 `tableview` with `UIDatePicker`.
dataworks null
database-template null
dabo a 3-tier, cross-platform application development framework, written in Python atop the wxPython GUI toolkit that enables you to easily create powerful desktop applications
daggermock null
daemontools null
dangerous-permissions Dangerous permissions can give the app access to the user's confidential data
dart-communications a supplier of .NET and ActiveX components.
dart-angular-templates null
budo A dev server for rapid prototyping
bs-webapi Use for questions relating to the bs-webapi BuckleScript bindings, and only with
browse-url The URL to be navigated in a browser.
bsconfig the configuration file for BuckleScript's bsb build system
businessevents a complex event processing solution.
business-logic-toolkit null
butterfaces a lightweight JSF framework that combines the advantages from Bootstrap, jQuery and HTML 5 to develop fast, easy and modern web applications using JSF 2.
borland-together null
bootstrap-datepaginator null
boundbox BoundBox provides an easy way to test an object by accessing all its fields, constructors and methods, public or not
c#-8.0 For issues relating to development with C#, version 8.0.
bytecode-hot-swap null
c++-address null
c#-pattern-matching for questions relating to the pattern matching feature introduced in C#-7.0.
caracal a ruby library for dynamically creating professional-quality Microsoft Word documents using an HTML-style syntax.
camelot-.net-connector Camelot .NET Connector acts a replacement API for the built-in API's of SharePoint.
cals-tables a standard for representing tables in SGML/XML.
carries-dependency a C++11 Generalized Attribute that can be applied to function parameters and the function return value
bigmod null
bitsy a small, fast, embeddable, durable in-memory graph database that implements the Blueprints API.
biztalk-ps1-provider BizTalk PowerShell Provider
blocklayered null
bodylabs null
bootflat an open source Flat UI KIT based on Bootstrap 3.3.0 CSS framework
booktype a free, open source platform that produces beautiful, engaging books formatted for print, Amazon, iBooks and almost any ereader within minutes.
bookshelf-pagemaker null
bluespice Questions related to BlueSpice.com should use this tag
beta-versions null
berkeley-cil a high-level representation along with a set of tools that permit easy analysis and source-to-source transformation of C programs.
basho-client null
basichttprelaybinding Windows Azure Service Bus binding that a client can use to configure endpoints that can communicate with ASMX-based Web services and other services that conform to the WS-I Basic Profile 1.1
base-db is for databases that use the BASE paradigm: Basically Available, Soft state, Eventually consistent
banana-rdf a Scala library for working with RDF.
bancha the enterprise-ready integration of CakePHP with Sencha Touch and ExtJS aimed at improving developer productivity.
azure-sdk-ruby null
azure-rbac Topics relating to Azure Role Base Access Control
badsqlgrammarexception Questions related to the Exception `BadSQLGrammarException` which will be thrown if SQL query syntax was wrong.
bailador a web framework for Perl 6
cachestorage The CacheStorage interface represents the storage for Cache objects
wffweb an open source java framework to build web applications
wepopover Generic popover implementation for iOS with same API as the UIPopoverController for the iPad, but configurable with custom background and available for iPhone as well.
whisker null
polyline-decorator a plugin which can be used to decorate polylines.
polymer-serve null
polymorphic-variants null
c2079 a Compiler Error that occurs when one uses an undefined class, struct, or union.
ca1001 null
c++-experimental not part of the ISO C++ standard language or libraries, yet.
c++-ts published standards for C++ that are not yet part of the core C++ language, but may be implemented by compilers and libraries
pogo
cmark the C reference implementation of CommonMark, a rationalized version of Markdown syntax with a spec.
cdi-2.0 null
celery-3 Celery: Distributed Task Queue
cellinfogsm null
cexception null
certificate-error null
ceramic-tile-engine an opensource, easy to use Corona SDK project to load JSON and Lua map files saved from Tiled.
centreon-api null
centrifuge a simple server for real-time messaging in web applications.
chromium-tabs an open source Cocoa framework for building applications that work like the Chrome or Chromium browser window systems.
checkboxradio null
character-spacing Character spacing is the adjustment of the horizontal white space between the letters in a block of text
chaquopy a Gradle plugin which adds Python support to the Android build system
changestream null
cluster-mode null
clrpackage null
cliopatria a SWI-Prolog-based platform for Semantic Web Applications interfacing to the The Yahoo! User Interface Library and libraries that support semantic search.
cloud-security Not a stand alone tag
clover-payment a cloud-based Android point of sale
clout null
church-pl a Scheme-based probabilistic programming language and toolkit used in cognitive science research.
chui null
chronicle-bytes null
cimage null
citrus-android-sdk null
circliful jquery-plugin-circliful, show Infos as Circle Statistics, no images used, based on SVG and jquery, many options can be set, fully responsive
circleci-workflows null
libstatusbar the iOS library that allows applications to show icons in the status bar.
libusbk null
leadingmarginspan2 An extended version of LeadingMarginSpan, which allows the implementor to specify the number of lines of the paragraph to which this object is attached that the margin width …
laravel-encryption null
laravel-cache null
laravel-annotations Related to Laravel 5 Route Annotations.
laravel-auditing null
lansa a development environment that requires a single skill set to build applications that can run on multiple platforms.
ko.dependentobservable null
key-protect For help with IBM Cloud's Key-Protect service
knockout-jqautocomplete null
knockout-projections a Knockout.js plugin that adds efficient “map” and “filter” features to observable arrays.
koneki The Koneki project delivers tools for Machine-to-Machine solutions developers to help them develop, simulate, test and deploy their M2M applications.
kotlin-allopen null
kohesive-injekt Questions about Injekt, a native Kotlin dependency injection library using an object registry style pattern.
koji RPM package builder for the Fedora project
kohana-cache null
key-cache-size null
kendo-view to describe questions about the Kendo-UI View class, which is part of Kendo-UI's single-page-application framework and works hand-in-hand with the Router and Layout classes.
jwpl a free, Java-based application programming interface that allows to access all information in Wikipedia.
lint-staged null
license4j License4J provides solutions for Java software product licensing.
licensecloud-api null
localeconv null
liquigraph null
loadleveler a job scheduler written by IBM, to control scheduling of batch jobs.
m# A suite of tools and a Domain-specific language that can be used to create Websites and Web Applications
looking-glass GNOME Shell's integrated debugger and inspector tool
logstash-http-poller null
lychrel-numbers a natural number that cannot form a palindrome through the iterative process of repeatedly reversing its digits and adding the resulting numbers.
lyo an SDK to help the Eclipse community adopt OSLC specifications and build OSLC-compliant tools.
javax.mail.address null
javonet a set of libraries and runtime components that enable Java and .NET runtimes to coexist
jena-querybuilder null
janalyser JAnalyser: A Jmeter results analysis Tool
jank null
janky a continuous integration server built on top of Jenkins, controlled by Hubot, and designed for GitHub.
jasmin-sms a customisable SMS gateway.
jaus++ an Open Source C++ implementation of JAUS
jabaco Jabaco empowers the VB6 programmer to write for the Java platform.
jadeify A simple browserify transform for turning .jade files into template functions
jailhouse Linux-based hypervisor for embedded systems.
jalangi a framework for writing heavy-weight dynamic analyses for JavaScript.
ionice null
iopro Fast, memory-efficient Python interface for SQL databases, NoSQL stores, Amazon S3, and large data files.
ion-list null
ion-menu null
ionmonkey the next generation JavaScript JIT compiler for SpiderMonkey
interimap null
interrogative-programming null
ion-checkbox null
iso8583-1993 null
isort null
ispring a rapid learning authoring toolkit produced by iSpring for developing professional e-Learning courses in PowerPoint with embedded quizzes, surveys, and interactions.
ischedulingservice null
ironsource null
ios9.3.1 null
jot-touch-sdk a free framework for iOS that provides you with the necessary tools to integrate a complete sketching experience in your apps when used with Adonit's line of Bluetooth conn…
jovo-framework the first open source framework that lets you build voice apps for both Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant with only one code base
jpad a java scratchpad and REPL
jquery-location-picker null
jppf an open source framework and grid computing middleware, written in Java, that makes it easy to parallelize computationally intensive tasks and execute them on a grid
jepsen a Clojure library
jest-preset-angular null
jsdelivr a free CDN for developers and webmasters.
jquery-source-map Mapping of a minified version of jQuery against the un-minified version.
jquery-mostslider a lightweight and easy to use jQuery content slider.
jsform a jQuery library to connect html forms with json
jshtml A JavaScript templating engine inspired by the ASP.NET Razor view engine that produces clean HTML.
jsocket library that allows you to access sockets in Javascript.
julius-speech identifies questions and answers related to the as described at https://github.com/julius-speech/juli…
jvm-codecache a segment of memory called the where compiled bytecode is stored.
justonedb null
juttle a data exploration language
jsonapi-serialize null
jtracert null
mcml null
mcms a web CMS originally rebranded by Microsoft from NCompass Resolution
mcms-2000 null
mellon null
memcache-stats null
membus Pure In-Memory Publish/Subscribe .NET Bus
mentionapp Mention, a media monitoring application
metalc Denotes questions regarding the IBM® z/OS® XL C compiler subset , which is designed to be used in system-level programming contexts .
ment.io null
meteor-clt For questions on the Meteor Command Line Tool
mightymoose a continuous testing tool for the .Net framework.
methodimplattribute null
manyconsole An extension to NDesk.Options for writing console applications with multiple commands
manipulationdelta null
max-execution-timeout null
maximage2 a fullscreen background slideshow plugin that uses jQuery Cycle plugin for it's slideshow functionality.
max-age Related to the max-age property in HTTP
mnpp , a high performance web server in a one-click installer for OS X.
mmmagic null
mne-python null
mod-env null
ml-lex a lexical analyzer generator for for Standard ML.
ml-agent null
mkpolygonview The MKPolygonView class provides the visual representation for an MKPolygon annotation object
mkicloudsync null
mincer JavaScript port of Sprockets
mime-filter null
min.js A super tiny JavaScript library to execute simple DOM querying and hooking event listeners
mono-tools null
modx-plugins extensions available to download and used to enhance ModX's functions.
morfik null
morbo null
mremoteng null
nmock-2.1 null
nodebox-linguistics A Python library for English grammar.
node8.2 null
node.js-buffer null
node-ftp null
non-thread-safe non-thread-safe, when usage in a threaded environment can provoke errors.
nservicebus-configuration a highly pluggable, reliable, open source Enterprise Service Bus built on .NET, with many configuration options.
nshomedirectory null
oauthtwitterwrapper display twitter feeds and searches in any .net project.
nvidia-sass the family of assembly languages used by nVIDIA GPU cores, with a variant for each GPU microarchitecture generation, which translates to binary machine code directly.
nvdec null
nuproj a Visual Studio extension that adds a project type for building NuGet packages.
nustache port of mustache templates engine to the .NET with its own specific.
nstouch a class in Objective-C
nstexttab An NSTextTab object represents a tab in an NSParagraphStyle object, storing an alignment type and location
nsutf8encoding null
nircmd null
network-partitioning null
needleman-wunsch null
nedit a standard GUI style text editor for programs and plain-text files.
ndns Skampler's DNS Server for Node.JS: https://github.com/skampler/ndns
mvg Magick Vector Graphics , a modularized language for describing two-dimensional vector and mixed vector/raster graphics in ImageMagick.
mvccontrib-3 null
multiple-checkout Administrators of Team Foundation version control can configure source control check-out settings
my-namespace null
mysql-group-replication null
myspell MySpell was the former spell checker included with OOo Writer of the free OpenOffice.org office suite.
mycouch a C# library for CouchDB
mybatis-cdi null
mxnet.jl null
mvxspinner null
mxit an instant messaging application that runs on multiple mobile and computing platforms.
nabaztag null
http-via-header null
http-signature a way to sign HTTP messages in order to securely check integrity
https-proxy-agent null
httprouter null
homomorphic-filter null
hookbox null
html5test null
html5-async used on the Script tags to instruct the parser to load the script asynchronously, preventing the script from blocking the parser.
html5ever the html parser used in servo, the new browser engine developed at Mozilla
html5dialog HTML5 <dialog> element
html5-formvalidation null
htmlparse null
htmlcxx a simple non-validating css1 and html parser for C++
hipache a distributed HTTP and websocket proxy.
hgcircularslider null
hgt null
hmp Heterogeneous Multi-Processing
holidays-gem https://github.com/alexdunae/holidays
helpextract null
help-balloon Balloon help was a help system introduced by Apple Computer in their 1991 release of System 7.0
heroku-deflater null
heckle null
helicon-ape Helicon Ape by Helicon Tech provides support for Apache .htaccess and .htpasswd configuration files in Microsoft IIS.
ii6 null
ihtmlstring .NET interface representing an HTML-encoded string that should not be encoded again.
image-translation null
ibm-wxs an elastic, scalable, in-memory data grid
ibm-verse a web email client by IBM
ibm-pcomm Used in conjunction with a supported language to identify the question is specifically about programming using the IBM® Personal Communications host communication and terminal emulation package for Mi…
iciql a model-based, database access wrapper for JDBC
iconix a minimalist, streamlined approach that focuses on that area that lies in between use cases and code .
iconfsdk iconf.net video conferencing sdk
iconmenu null
interactor-backend null
interactors null
insertadjacenthtml null
inquirerjs null
infocard null
infinite-value null
infinity.js Infinity.js- a UITableView for the web.
implicit-surface null
implicit-class null
imperva a provider of cyber and data security products
imposter-pattern null
github-integration null
git-ls-tree null
git-deploy null
generic-derivation null
gepsio a .NET-based document object model for XBRL documents
getnameinfo null
gerrithub.io null
gocb null
gnu-apl null
gnu-fileutils null
google-ctemplate null
google-closure-linter a javascript lint utility developed by Google for The Closure Linter "that checks JavaScript files for style issues such as operator placement, missing semicolons, spacing, the p…
google-cloud-iap null
google-cloud-intellij Questions about the Google Cloud Tools for Intellij
gulp-typedoc null
gulp-wrap a gulp plugin that can wrap the stream contents with lodash template.
gwt-animation Deals with animations of widgets in GWT using the com.google.gwt.animation.client.Animation or some custom techniques.
hanami-router a Rack compatible, lightweight and fast HTTP Router for Ruby and Hanami.
hamsterdb a transactional key-value database
hardening null
hardware-traps null
hapi-good null
gulp-ftp Useful for uploading and deploying things
gulp-buster gulp-buster can be used standalone as part of a build task, or in conjunction with gulp-watch to update the cache buster hashes as the files are modified.
gulp-bower null
gulp-order null
gulp-preprocess Gulp plugin to preprocess HTML, JavaScript, and other files based on custom context or environment configuration
gulp-print null
gulp-install a gulp plugin that can automatically install npm and bower packages if package.json or bower.json is found in the gulp file stream.
gulp-ng-annotate null
grumpy a Python to Go source code transpiler and runtime developed by Google.
grun null
groupingcollection null
gradle-apt-plugin null
gradle-git Usage questions for the gradle-git plugins.
google-notebook an application that works pretty much like notepad for web researchers
google-proximity-api A cloud service that allows you to manage data associated with your BLE beacons using a REST interface
google-room null
google-project-fi a mobile virtual network operator owned by Google, providing wireless phone and data services using Wi-Fi and cellular networks belonging to Sprint, T-Mobile, and U.S
grails-rest-api null
grails-tomcat-plugin The Apache Tomcat plugin for Grails.
grails-3.3.0 null
groovy-grab An import annotation type in the Groovy language used to grab the referenced artifact and its dependencies and make it available on the classpath.
groc a documentation tool for JavaScript, inspired by docco.
grooid for using the groovy library on android specifically using the jar with the classifier
episerver-9 null
enzime a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to assert, manipulate, and traverse your React Components' output.
eos EOS tag refers to the EOS.IO Software
eoutofresources out of resources.
enhanced-rich-text null
erlang-heart Module that contains the interface for the Heartbeat Monitoring of an Erlang Runtime System
erazor a haXe implementation of the MVC 3 Razor view engine
episerver-mirroring-2.0 Mirroring in EPiServer CMS makes it possible to maintain content in one location and pushing the content to other sites.
enduro.js null
empythoned CPython compiled to JS using emscripten
emftext an Eclipse plug-in that allows you to define text syntax for languages described by an Ecore metamodel
emblems null
emmarun Emmarun application runner uses an instrumenting classloader to add bytecode instrumentation to Java classes as they are being loaded by the JVM
elytron null
eyecon-plugin null
eyeglass a node-sass extension manager built on top of npm
extjs6.5 null
expirationhandler null
expanduser null
evalf null
eulersharp an inference engine supporting logic based proofs.
event-based-components null
exfat-fuse tag to be used specifically for the ubuntu package exfat-fuse
ewon a brand of industrial VPN routers that allow easy remote access to remote industrial assets such as PLCs, HMIs, sensors, SCADA systems and more.
executives null
duostack null
dumb-data null
dsld null
dragsort A javascript tool that provides the ability to sort lists using drag and drop
drakon null
drakon-editor a free open source tool for authoring DRAKON flowcharts
drafter the parser harness for API Blueprint C++ parser, snowcrash
dragonfire-sdk a Microsoft Visual C/C++ library.
ecmascript-8 null
dyncall dyncall tag refers to the dyncall library, which is used for dynamically calling C functions at runtime.
edit-tableview null
elastix-itk a toolbox for rigid and nonrigid registration of images based on ITK
elm-debug null
elm-dict null
element-io null
framework-migration null
framework-caching null
freb null
fredhopper a Customer Experience Management tool which provides a seamless, targeted and fully personalized website experience to the end users.
form2js.js a JavaScript library for collecting form data.
for-json The `FOR JSON` clause allows for exporting query results or table data to the JSON format from a T-SQL query in SQL Server
flutter-sliver null
flippant a small javascript library for visually flipping DOM elements over.
gadinterstitial null
fxsave null
g15 a keyboard produced by Logitech designed specifically for gamers
g2log an asynchronous, logger and design-by-contract library.
gdx-ai A tiny, still growing, AI framework for games
gdatadb a database-like interface to Google Spreadsheets for .NET
free-theorem Tool for generating free theorems for sublanguages of Haskell.
fromkeys null
fapws3 null
famous-framework a javascript framework for creating reusable, composable, and interchangeable UI widgets and applications.
fancordion null
feedhenry null
fexpect a python library based on fabric and pexpect to automate commandline input
ffdec an open source Flash decompiler application and library
ffmpegthumbnailer Lightweight video thumbnailer that can be used by file managers to create thumbnails for video files
factorymuffin null
fakesmile A polyfill for declarative SVG animations
faircom-db-sql null
facebook-custom-audience null
fabricator-assemble null
f#-4.1 null
file-sorting null
figaro-lang Probabilistic programming language based on Scala
figlet a computer program that generates text banners, in a variety of typefaces, composed of letters made up of conglomerations of smaller ASCII characters .
field-device-tool a standard for industrial automation, mapping hardware device capabilities to software components
finalbuilder7 a build and distribution automation product by VSoft Technologies
filter-validate-email null
flashpaper null
flash-html-interaction null
fiware-monitoring Component to allow incorporating monitoring and metering mechanisms in order be able to constantly check the performance of the system.
fiware-glancesync a command line tool to solve the problem of the images synchronisation between regions
fixed-statement null
fix8 C++ framework for FIX protocol applications
fixeddocumentsequence null
fin-hypergrid null
spineless-tagless-graph null
spiratest null
speedtracer a tool to help developer identify and fix performance problems in web applications.
wkinterfacemenu null
wkuserscript to be injected into a webpage.
wkextension null
wkimage The basic image handling class on watchOS.It is Available in watchOS 2.0 and later.
wisa null
indexeddbshim a javascript library that provides IndexedDB support to any web browser that supports WebSql but does not natively support IndexedDB
indefero basically a clone of GoogleCode but with git, mercurial, subversion and monotone support."
indieweb a people-focused alternative to the ‘corporate web’
ndfd null
inappstorewindow INAppStoreWindow : NSWindow subclass that mimics the appearance of the main window in the Mac App Store application.
ncb null
nave null
mysql-error-1416 Error Code 1416 Cannot get geometry object from data you send to the GEOMETRY field
mysql-error-1327 null
mysql-cli null
mysqlbackup.net A .NET Framework library used for backup, export, restore, import of MySql database
mysql-error-1007 Error 1007: Can't create database '%s' - database exists
mysql-error-1051 null
mysql-error-1065 null
dontenum internal attribute of ECMAScript 3
spket an IDE for JavaScript, XUL/XBL and Yahoo! Widget development
spl-autoload-call null
shuttle collectively refers to all C# shuttle components such as Shuttle.Esb , Shuttle.Recall , and Shuttle.Core.Host
sialertview An UIAlertView replacement with block syntax and fancy transition styles
siberiancms null
aws-ssm-document null
aws-sdk-php null
aws-ruby-flow null
bin2hex null
biplot null
media-buttons null
mediaplayerservices null
solution-deployment null
continuous-build null
sourcegear-fortress null
source-depot a Microsoft version-control utility
libgccjit an API for embedding GCC inside programs and libraries.
libobjc2 Implementation of the Objective-C runtime for use with LLVM/clang
mdnsjava The Multicast DNS in Java project is an extension of dnsjava that implements Multicast DNS
mdls null
libextobjc null
glidejs null
visualrules Any rule models deployed to Visual Rules Execution Platform automatically become available as standard web services
visual-c++-installer Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable Package installer
visualhaskell Visual Haskell was a project of Visual Studio 2005 integration with GHC
dvm null
durovis-dive a virtual reality headset for smartphones, available for any iPhone or Android device that is equipped with a gyroscope and an accelerometer and meets the physical size limitations
abseil an open-source utility library available for the Python and C++ languages, maintained and released by Google
abstractset null
a4swift null
aasa null
abandonedmutexexception thrown when one thread acquires a Mutex object that another thread has abandoned by exiting without releasing it.
abcustomuinavcontroller Custom UINavigationController
ablog a Sphinx extension that converts any documentation or personal website project into a full-fledged blog.
ably-realtime a scalable realtime pub/sub platform enabling communication between any internet enabled device across many open protocols and some proprietary protocols
composer-plugin null
compound-type null
lsm-tree In computer science, the Log-Structured Merge-Tree is a data structure with performance characteristics that make it attractive for providing indexed access to files with high insert vol…
lshell a shell coded in Python, that lets you restrict a user's environment to limited sets of commands, choose to enable/disable any command over SSH , log user's comm…
lpod Python library implementing the ISO/IEC 26300 OpenDocument Format standard.
concrete5-5.6 Questions related specifically to the Concrete5 version 6.
concept-analysis null
computus Anything related to the , i.e
lua-mode Emacs major mode for editing Lua code
lucene-filters filter Lucene search results, using the overloaded search methods that accept a Filter parameter.
ludumdare null
luagl An OpenGL binding for Lua 5.
gitswarm a git frontend developed by Perforce to interact with a classic Perforce server
luxe null
luxon a date and time library for JavaScript.
topographical-lines for questions related to topographic maps and other quantitative representations of relief, especially those that use contour lines, or other types of lines connecting places of equal elevation
topojson2 null
totallylazy a functional library for Java that tries to be as lazy as possible, just like Clojure's collection library
phpfreechat A simple open-source web based chat based on php and jquery.
php-easybook PHP application that lets you easily publish books in various electronic formats.
geojsonio null
georchestra a tool that offers a turnkey solution to publish and share your localized intranet and Internet data in a localhost environment.
phplucidframe a mini application development framework - a toolkit for PHP developers
php-node null
php-oara The Php OARA means Open Affiliate Report Aggregator in PHP
input-builders null
inline-variable null
inline-attachments null
inotifytaskcompletion null
classyshark Questions about Android multidex, APK and dependency analysis
classifier4j null
initwithnibname The designated initializer of the UIViewController class used in iOS application.
clair null
ckcontainer null
cjuitabs null
clash a functional hardware description language that borrows both its syntax and semantics from the functional programming language Haskell.
phreeze a framework for building PHP applications.
phpvibe null
phpstorm2017.3 null
android-snapshot a service that enables per-user data storage and sync in your apps with no back-end programming required.
android-static-shortcuts null
coherence-toolkit A free DLNA/uPnP framework with Media server, MediaRenderer, and other components.
expression-studio a discontinued suite of tools for designing and building web and Windows client applications and rich digital media contents.
express-gateway a microservices API Gateway built on Express.js.
sociable null
express-ntlm An express middleware to have simple NTLM-authentication in node.js.
external-methods null
smt-language-processing null
snmp-extension relates to the SNMP extension for PHP which provides a very simple and easily usable toolset for managing remote devices via the Simple Network Management Protocol.
snapshotcm null
smoothsort an adaptive sorting algorithm invented by Edsger Dijkstra
gslb Global Server Load Balancing
guard-malloc a special version of the malloc library that replaces the standard library during debugging
mobilefirst-bluemix null
mockdbset a framework for mocking Entity Framework code.
mobx-persist null
slimpicker A New MooTools Date Picker
slide.js a simple slideshow plugin for jQuery.
grunt-forever forever task for grunt to start, stop and restart an application as a daemon.
grunt-express-server null
grunt-contrib-jst Precompile Underscore templates to JST file.
s-lang a library designed to allow cross-platform development
sky Fly was renamed to Flutter
sleepy-mongoose a REST interface for MongoDB
slf4j-android null
tipped a Javascript library to make tooltips.
titleedgeinsets null
mockstatic null
mockk a free, open source mocking framework for Kotlin programming language
mod-auth-passthrough null
mod-auth-external null
android-host-api null
nodist null
node-stitch null
node-usb Node.JS library for communicating with USB devices in JavaScript / CoffeeScript.
node-rules a forward chaining Rules Engine, written on node.js
pivot.js a simple way to summarize large data sets on the fly
pivot-xml an Operator in Oracle Database
platform-update-1 null
skitch null
plastiq a framework for building dynamic user interfaces in HTML.
ccuiviewwrapper null
cclayerpanzoom null
nodejs-jszip null
cdbhttpsession CDbHttpSession extends CHttpSession by using database as session data storage.
cdda null
omise a payment service provider based in Asia.
omnikey a line of products from HID Global are designed to support any smart card for any application on any computer.
console.out.writeline null
constrained-execution-reg null
conservation-laws A scalar conservation law in 1-dimensional space is a 1st-order partial differential equation of the form: ut + fx = 0 Here: u = u is called the conserved quantity, where …
apex-framework a framework used to build serverless projects by helping you to manage and deploy AWS Lambda functions
apertium a free/open-source rule-based machine translation platform
apache-xml-graphics null
sscrypto null
ssms-express null
ssrs-2000 Microsoft's server-based reporting generator
xri null
xrmquery With XrmQuery you can utilize intellisense and type-support to create and structure Web API queries for your Dynamics 365/CRM instance
xrebel a lightweight Java profiler.
xray-rails xray-rails shows a visual breakdown of all the Rails layouts, views, and partials that rendered the page in your browser.
munge Anything related with MUNGE service for creating and validating credentials.
xor-drawing null
xpathsapply null
echo-framework null
eclipse-3.5.1 For issues relating to configuring or using Eclipse, version 3.5.1
ebs-payment an online payment service provider in India
eccn ECCN stands for which is a 5-character alphanumeric code used by the US Commerce Department to classify products for export.
ecgi null
ear-file null
prestashop-1.4 an open source e-commerce web application and platform
rspec-stories A Cucumber-like story runner based on RSpec
rspec1 Version 1 of the behaviour-driven development tool for Ruby programmers
hypergraphdb null
iad-workbench the simplest way to advertise to millions of people on their Apple devices.
mpesa a Mobile phone-based money transfer system
sqlike a small query engine for JavaScript and ActionScript.
sql-mr map-reduce framework integrated within Teradata Aster SQL database
sqlpubwiz null
hunch a website, designed as a collective intelligence decision-making system
human-language when you are specifically referencing a human language, which can be important with sorting, interpretation, grammar, and other features that are not one to one related to a computer l…
mosix null
motionmodel null
motionui null
webpack-handlebars-loader null
web-routes-boomerang Use this tga for questions related to Web.Routes.Boomerang, which allows you to write custom pretty-printers and parsers for your URL types.
webkit-overflow-scrolling null
weblogic12g Oracle WebLogic Server 12g
web-manifest null
brightpearl a cloud-based business management application that incorporates inventory, accounting, CRM, POS and ecommerce.
braid a tool to help track git and svn vendor branches in a git repository.
fragment-animation This explains how the fragments will get animated in their life cycle
adif The Amateur Data Interchange Format, a file format used by the various Amateur Radio logging programs to share data.
ad-management null
adfc-config The default ADF unbounded task flow's XML source file name is adfc-config.xml
secondaryloop an interface to achieve better control of the execution flow in Swing and AWT programs.
secs the semiconductor's equipment interface protocol for equipment-to-host data communications
scott-encoding a way to represent data types in the lambda calculus.
scrapely a library for extracting structured data from HTML pages
scpsolver SCPSolver - an easy to use Java Linear Programming Interface
screwdriver-cd Screwdriver Build Platform for Continuous Delivery
screen-projection null
scorch System Center Orchestrator
scoped-mass-assigment protected and which are accessible, malicious users can set any column value in your database, including foreign keys and secure data.
scope-strategy The scoping strategy interface that allows to plug into Struts 2 framework a custom implementations of request, session, and wizard scopes.
ruby-development-tools a Ruby IDE, composed of Ruby aware features/plugins for the Eclipse platform.
rtl-ppl a component of the Delphi Run-Time Library which enables applications to run tasks in parallel on a thread pool without the need for individual thread managem…
rubocop-rspec an extension to rubocop for checking rspec files.
null-test null
null-uniqueidentifier null
rubyforge a home for open source Ruby projects.
ruby-in-steel null
green-uml An Eclipse UML tool for class diagrams modelling, code engineering and reverse engineering.
greensoftware null
greenspunning null
green-shoes a graphics toolkit written in pure Ruby language to build cross-plattform GUI applications
grepcode null
flask-nav null
gridle 12, 8 or 33 columns, Gridle allows you to generate all the grids you want, with all the features you need
flexnav null
flexcover null
fleetdb a schema-free database optimized for agile development.
flatzinc null
flee a .NET library that allows you to parse and evaluate arbitrary expressions.
uifontweighttrait The normalized weight value as an NSNumber object
magento2-extensions null
magento-backend null
magento-ee null
magento-manufacturer null
uiatableview a class that allows access to, and control of, elements within a table view in your app.
uiactivitycategory null
kiama a Scala library for language processing
kiss-mvc a simple and minimalist PHP Model-View-Controller framework for rapid development of web applications.
kit3d null
kinosearch a high-performance, modular search engine library.
idiomatic-perl null
multi-stage-programming null
multirec null
spring-faces null
springy.js A force directed graph layout algorithm in JavaScript.
google-local-business null
jquery-corner null
java-10 Java 10 refers to upcoming release version 10 of the Java platform.
java-attach-api a proprietary Oracle API implemented by HotSpot and JRockit that allows to attach JVMTI agents to JVMs at runtime.
javaoptions can be used to mark question where user want some clarifications/explanation on java options like system variable or other java options.
google-desktop-search null
google-drive-team-drive null
unigrid a user control that displays data in a highly customizable and flexible table
uniform-interface http://www.martinfowler.com/bliki/UniformAccessPrinciple.html
unitdriven null
uniqueness-typing null
unirx null
unity-remote a downloadable app designed to help with Android, iOS and tvOS development
system.web.abstractions null
systemd-journald null
np-spring A Spring application with a real world user module having features like signup, login, email verification, forgot password, show profile and edit profile.
nresponder an event handling library for ActionScript 3.
novelty-detection the identification of new or unknown data that a machine learning system has not been trained with and was not previously aware of, with the help of either statistical or machine …
nova-scheduler a service that determines various openstack operations like dispatch compute , volume requests etc.
npm-registry null
npm-outdated null
autoplay-media-studio null
automoc null
autoshrink A UILabel attribute for text appearance
vs-error null
vsjitdebugger null
dbartisan the premiere database administration toolset helping DBAs maximize availability, performance and security across multiple DBMSs
dbix-connector is a simple interface for fast and safe DBI connection and transaction management.
facebook-redex an Android bytecode optimizer originally developed at Facebook
facebook-rss Is a family of web content syndication formats used to publish frequently updated works — such as blog entries, news headlines, audio, and video — in a standardized…
cuite a thin layer developed on top of Microsoft Visual Studio Team Test's Coded UI Test engine which helps reduce code, increases readability and maintainability…
facebook-exception null
cubesat-protocol a small network-layer delivery protocol designed for Cubesats.
css-speech the module with CSS properties that enable authors to declaratively control the presentation of a document in the aural dimension.
sbt1.0 null
docker-exec Docker command for run a command in a running container
sbyte null
scala-bindgen a binding generator which allows C header files to be converted to bindings for Scala Native
despotify null
desk-check null
designtime-attributes null
dngrep null
doanswer null
docbase A document database system or document management system which include an internal rich text editor that works on PHP, using MySQL database as backend
descendant-or-self null
pgp-desktop null
pg-copy null
pg-ctl null
pgfouine null
pfi null
pgbadger Use for questions about pgBadger, a log analyzer for PostgreSQL.
persistentmanager Saving a JDO data object to the datastore is a simple matter of calling the makePersistent method of the PersistenceManager instance
application-dependency null
oridomi a small script with optional jQuery support that creates an effect on images and web fonts that looks like folding paper, by using CSS 3D transforms.
orson-charts a Java library for generating 3D charts in client-side and server-side applications.
osmium null
osgi-ds null
oscp5 an Open Sound Control library for the programming environment Processing.
gosnmp null
gost28147 The GOST block cipher, defined in the standard GOST 28147-89, is a Soviet and Russian government standard symmetric key block cipher
gopherjs null
gorequest null
gorest A RESTful style web-services framework for the Go language.
gprinstall part of the GNAT tool-set - a.k.a Gnat PRoject Manager; it is also referred to as gprbuild tool.
gps.net null
governator a library of extensions and utilities that enhance Google Guice to provide: classpath scanning and automatic binding, lifecycle management, configuration to field mapping, field validati…
activerecord-fb-adapter the ActiveRecord adapter for working with the Firebird SQL Server
applicationwillterminate null
apply-script a style of doing proofs in the theorem prover Isabelle; an alternative is structured Isar proofs.
app-site-association null
acropolis the code name for a set of Microsoft frameworks and associated wizards used to make rich-client development easier and more replicable using Windows Presentation Foundation .
active-memory null
active-enum Define enum classes in Rails and use them to enumerate `ActiveRecord` attributes.
matplot null
mathnet-filtering Math.NET Filtering aims to provide a toolkit for digital signal processing, offering an infrastructure for digital filter design, applying those filters to data streams using data converters, as well …
folder-access Questions about programmatically accessing individual folders.
force-atlas-2 null
maven-gpg-plugin null
angular-hotkeys null
angularjs-ng-class-odd The ngClassOdd and ngClassEven directives work exactly as ngClass, except they work in conjunction with ngRepeat and take effect only on odd rows.
angularjs-ng-hint null
fody-validar an add-in for Foddy providing validation for XAML binding models.
jmyron an external library for Processing that allows image manipulation
jmeter-analysis-maven-plugin A Maven plugin that parses Apache JMeter result XML files and generates detailed reports with charts
jmpress based on impress.js will allow us to use some interesting 3D effects for the slides.
jitsi-meet null
jira-cli Command line interface for the issue and project tracking software JIRA.
rethinkdb-go null
result-partitioning null
rest.li a Java framework that allows you to easily create clients and servers that use a REST style of communication.
go-gtk Go binding for GTK+ toolkit
go-guru an editor-integrated tool for navigating Go code
golog a high-level agent programming language based on Prolog.
go-nsq a realtime message processing system designed to operate at bitly’s scale, handling billions of messages per day.
gonum null
google-analytics-campaign-builder is a tool that allows you to easily add campaign parameters to URLs so you can track Custom Campaigns in Google Analytics.
google-app-engine-deploy null
usageevents null
url-style null
url-obsfucation null
url-fragment null
gpshell null
upsetr null
urbit a clean-slate system software stack defined as a deterministic functional computer
semantic-ui-angular a pure AngularJS 1.x set of directives for Semantic-UI components.
semantic-ui-segment null
sencha-fashion the SCSS-to-CSS compiler used for ExtJS6
seq.unfold null
pdf-rasterizer Component to convert PDF documents to raster images, print PDF documents unattended and display PDF documents in a Windows application.
typed-lambda-calculus null
typedescriptionprovider null
pecl-http null
mapbox-gl-draw a Draw tools for mapbox-gl-js
pep8-checker null
pelco null
maql Multi-Dimension Analytical Query Language that is used to define metrics in the GoodData Portal
markdown4j a Java extensible markdown processor.
android-apache-legacy null
vim7.3 version of Vim text editor
vim-ipython for questions related to the two-way integration between Vim and IPython.
view-path null
view-inheritance null
viewpanel null
reddison distributed and scalable Java data structures
pandas-map null
paper-badge Polymer paper-badge element.
setclasslong null
sess.run null
parametric-namespaces a specialization of parametric polymorphism where type parameters are defined on an outer construct that itself contains types that share access to the type parame…
service-tier null
firefox-12 Version 12 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firefox-47 null
firefox-browser-api an extension of the `<iframe>` element, adding functionality to embed a web browser within a web-app
ipod-nano null
iphone-sdk-documentation for iOS SDK documentation related questions.
finnish for questions specific to the Finnish language.
fiq often shipped as part of Google’s Nexus products and is similar in concept to kdb debugger found in the mainline kernel.
logramm Logramm programming language
firebase-predictions Firebase Predictions lets you define dynamic user groups based on predicted behavior
log5j null
login-automation For questions and techniques related to logging into websites programmatically
logical-grouping null
hspi HSPI aims to make extending HomeSeer significantly easier by empowering developers with awesome tools and a collaborative community.
hstringtemplate a templating engine for Haskell based on Terence Parr's original StringTemplate for Java.
hpoo null
hpf a data parallel extension to the Fortran language, maintained by the High Performance Fortran Forum at Rice Univeristy
hoverfly null
hotfolder folders from which data can be automatically imported into hybris by simply placing the data inside of the folder.
redlock.net An implementation of the Redlock distributed lock algorithm
hopscotch-hashing a scheme in computer programming for resolving hash collisions of values of hash functions in a table using open addressing
windows-explorer-integration for questions related to a custom command integrated into the Windows explorer context menu
windows-mobile-2003 a platform for cell phones and PDAs based on the Windows CE operating system family.
windows-media-format-sdk null
fatjar null
fastly-vcl null
fastlane-produce null
atoum for questions about atoum, a programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP
atom-runner Atom package that allows one to run various script files inside of Atom
atmhud null
atunit Java unit tests with mocks and dependency injection
attributecertificate null
ngmin an AngularJS application pre-minifier
fbsdklikebutton a button to like an object.
fbnativedialogs Provides methods to display native dialogs to the user
interaction-nets null
intellipad null
pushe Pushe provides backends and SDKs for mobile and desktop applications
http.rb an easy-to-use client library for making requests from Ruby
htpc null
treeio-django null
transoft null
rails-cells-4 a library of view components for use with Ruby and Rails
range-encoding null
test-command a unix command to check file types and compare values.
testapp null
test-is null
testr a RequireJS unit testing module, with both stubbed and script-loaded dependencies, compatible with all test frameworks - Mocha, Jasmine, QUnit, Buster JS, etc.
testwise TestWise IDE supports leading open-source web test frameworks: Watir and Selenium WebDriver in RSpec or Cucumber.
texel null
tethne a Python package for integrated bibliographic and corpus analysis developed by the Digital Innovation Group at Arizona State University.
queue-table null
qdjango a web framework written in C++ and built on top of the Qt library
transformation-matrix null
translation-editor null
qelapsedtimer The QElapsedTimer class provides a fast way to calculate elapsed times.
pyxpcom null
pyxplot a multi-purpose graph plotting tool, scientific scripting language, vector graphics suite, and data processing package.
coupa null
countrows null
couchdb-1.6 For questions related to CouchDB version 1.6
caph-framework null
core-scroll-header-panel null
structured-logging null
iron-pages null
structured-clone null
stubbydb null
styletron a universal CSS-in-JS engine built from the ground up for high-performance.
reporttools An R package to generate LaTeX Tables of Descriptive Statistics
reportunit null
replaceregexp null
reprex An R package to generate render small snippets of code to target formats that include both code and output that can be shared on code-oriented websites.
gfsh the command line utility of Apache Geode / Gemfire.
get-transform null
requests-futures A Python library built for asynchronous HTTP requests.
request-unit null
requirecss useful for writing modular CSS dependencies alongside scripts
ilpip an IP address that you can assign directly to your VM or role instance, rather than to the cloud service that your VM or role instance reside in
giraffe.js a light and flexible library that extends Backbone.js with Application level events and View enhancements.
image-reader null
bdmultidownloader Simple block-based concurrent multiple-URL data downloader based only on NSURLConnection
bazel-extra-action null
minimum-coded-unit null
beepbeep Web Application framework for Erlang inspired by Rails and Merb
beautify-ruby null
beast-websockets a C++11 header-only library, part of Boost C++ library, serving as a foundation for writing inter operable networking libraries by providing low-level HTTP/1, WebSocket, and networking protoc…
llvm-config null
livedb a database wrapper for concurrent editing systems.
littler null
anonymous-scope null
antrunner null
any23 null
gzippo a NodeJS middleware for express gzip / connect for gzip support.
openstack-autopilot null
openstack-keystone null
hacl a set of classes and methods that allow application programmers to access host applications at the 3270 and 5250 data stream levels easily and quickly
haml-lint A gem for linting haml files
filemq a publish-subscribe file service based on 0MQ
turing-lang a Pascal-like programming language developed in 1982 by Ric Holt and James Cordy, then of University of Toronto, Canada
turbo-basic a BASIC compiler developed by Borland for DOS in 1989
turi null
tt4j a Java wrapper around the popular TreeTagger package by Helmut Schmid: a tool for annotating text with part-of-speech and lemma information
tsvncache part of TortoiseSVN, and is a process that monitors the status cache of files versioned under the version control system
tsqlunit a testing framework to write tests for applications written in Transact-SQL
tgmath null
tfs-query null
thread-weaver a Java testing framework that aims towards unit testing concurrency.
threads-a-gogo a native module for Node.js that provides an asynchronous, evented and/or continuation passing style API for moving blocking/longish CPU-bound tasks out of Node's event loop to J…
thoughtworks-cruise null
thomson-reuters-eikon A service providing financial news and market data.
uiswipeactionsconfiguration null
jdmk a Java technology that provides a Java API and a collection of software tools for developing and designing JMX based applications .
jcsv a very easy to use csv library for Java.
jbytearray null
jcchart null
jboss-3.x a free software/open-source Java EE-based, Cross-platform Application Server.
umbraco-cloud a CMS which gives you all-in-one Azure hosting and predictability in projects.
umbrella null
umbraco-macros null
single-file-generator null
modx-snippets small pieces of PHP script that can be called and reused multiple times on a Modx Revolution or ModX Evolution website.
sisodb a document oriented provider for Sql-Server & SqlCe4
sisu a modular JSR330-based container that supports classpath scanning, auto-binding, and dynamic auto-wiring.
simpletabcontrol null
simple-push-api The Simple Push API, also known as the Push Notification API, provides apps the ability to be woken up to receive notifications.
higlabo a .NET library that provides features of Mail, Ftp, Rss, Twitter, ObjectMapper, ORM, ASP.NET MVC and more
simulationx a commercial Modelica simulation tool.
simpleworkerrequest null
mongodb2 null
mongodb-cluster null
mongodb-internal-auth intended for MongoDB's replica set internal authentication
moneybookers an online payments platform.
mongorito Questions about Mongorito MongoDB ORM based on ES6 Generators
mongor a tool that adds Mongo ORM support for Laravel 3 bundle.
mongoose-q null
mongohub a native mac GUI application for mongodb.
observable-behavior null
objective-grid Roge Wave/Stingray Objective Grid a grid control for MFC/Visual C++.
objectpath ObjectPath can be considered a full-featured expression language
openmobster an open source Enterprise Backend for Mobile Apps which provides Automatic bidirectional data sync between the devices and the Cloud which can be deployed privately
open-multilingual-wordnet null
openplug null
swipecardview null
etcd2 null
essence null
escodegen null
responsive-interaction null
symfony-recipe null
symbolic-breakpoint null
sylvester a vector, matrix and geometry library for JavaScript.
swi-prolog-for-sharing SWI-Prolog for Sharing, or SWISh for short, is an online version of SWI-Prolog
swp a framework for building web interfaces based on Linked Data and Semantic Web standards
asbio a collection of statistical tools for biologists, constituted as a package for use in the R environment
asc2 the ActionScript3 compiler by Adobe that has been introduced in the AIR 3.4 SDK.
zephyr-rtos a scalable real-time operating system supporting multiple hardware architectures, optimized for resource constrained devices, and built with security in mind.
zimbra-talk null
zim-database Not to be confused with Zim Wiki
zf-boilerplate All-in-one platform for development of enterprise grade PHP applications based on the Zend Framework.
artax an asynchronous HTTP/1.1 client built on the Amp concurrency framework.
erlydtl ErlyDTL compiles Django Template Language to Erlang bytecode.
zpaq a free and open source incremental, journaling command-line archiver for Windows, Linux and Mac OS/X.
erlang-stdlib The STDLIB Application for Erlang
ziparchive-objectivec An Objective C class for zip/unzip on iPhone and Mac OSX
zkclient null
zipstorer a C# Class to store and extract uncompressed and deflated files in new or existing Zip files, without any external library
deepsecurity a tool that improves visibility and simplifies security management across physical, virtual, and cloud environments.
deepload null
pysb a Python framework for Systems Biology modeling.
pyreport a program which executes a Python source file and captures its output
pyspatialite null
defense4all Copied from https://wiki.opendaylight.org/view/Defense4All:Tutorial: Defense4All is a security SDN application for detecting and driving mitigation of DoS and DDoS attacks in different SDN topologies.…
droneci null
arinc Aeronautical Radio, Incorporated defines reference standards for avionics equipment - APIs for safety critical systems.
arithmetic-overflow null
xlsx-js A javascript library for reading, writing and working with excel files.
xgrid Apple's solution for distributed computing built into Mac OS X
xhtml2 a general-purpose markup language designed to represent documents for a wide range of purposes across the World Wide Web
xlocale null
miter null
oolong an assembly language targeting the Java Virtual Machine.
storm-gen a Simple ORM for Android SQLite, a template-based Object Relational Mapping tool for Android SQLite.
stratifiedjs Oni StratifiedJS is the reference StratifiedJS Language implementation + a supporting set of modules
opencl-pipes null
checkout-payments checkout-payments refers to the libraries and API produced by the Checkout.com company for payment processing.
boost-timer The Boost Timer library answers the question and does so portably, with as little as one #include and one additional line of code.
chrome-for-ios Chrome web browser for Apple's iOS operating system
tables-package null
tachyons-css a functional CSS toolkit for creating fast loading, highly readable, and 100% responsive interfaces with as little css as possible.
taef MS Test Authoring and Execution Framework
tafx an automated user interface testing for developers.
tabulous a jQuery tabs plugin
chilkat-xml null
choetl a popular high-performance ETL framework for .NET.
react-codemirror null
rdap A more standardized alternative to Whois
worklight-waf The IBM Worklight Application Framework editor is a multi-tabbed editor which helps you configure interactions between services, data objects, and views.
wostringstream null
wrap-function null
pyotherside null
pyp a linux command line text manipulation tool similar to awk or sed, but which uses standard python string and list methods as well as custom functions evolved to generate fast results in an inte…
pymtp LibMTP bindings in Python
js2xml a very simple library that converts a simple data structure into XML.
rbhive a simple Ruby gem to communicate with the Apache Hive Thrift servers.
s2k null
taplytics null
tao.ffmpeg null
tag-property null
taillistener null
rustc-serialize null
rx-groovy RxGroovy – Reactive Extensions for the Groovy programming language – a library for composing asynchronous and event-based programs using observable sequences for the Groovy programming language
rwunderground an R package providing functions to get historical weather information and forecasts from wunderground.com.
rxpaparazzo For questions related to RxJava extension for Android to take images using camera and gallery.
tagcanvas a Javascript class which will draw and animate a HTML5 canvas based tag cloud
s3ql null
rbp a code metric tool used to check the quality of Rails codes.
rcall a pure-Julia package that enables calling R from Julia.
r-coda for questions related to the package in the R programming language
js++ null
js1k A reference to the annual JavaScript online contest held at js1k.com that consists of building a js app/game that's at most 1kb in size.
js2coffee a JavaScript to CoffeeScript compiler.
pynco null
wrapinner Built in jQuery function wrapInner
wrangle the domain-specific language used to build transformation recipes in Cloud Dataprep.
pym.js a javascript libarary for embedding and resizing an iframes responsively within their parent containers
wpackagist the WordPress Packagist
react-final-form-arrays null
react-fragment null
reactgo null
react-canvas null
react-animated-weather Animated weather components for React
react-ace null
choice-point Use choice point with logic programming languages such as Prolog or Mercury
chocolat.js if you have specific questions on Chocolat.js
chef-custom-resource null
checksum-maven-plugin null
boost-container null
boost-lexicalcast null
boost-numeric null
store-reports null
stream-django a package helps you create activity streams & newsfeeds with Django and GetStream.io.
strictures null
oocharts an project that makes it easy to embed and share Google Analytics data through charts.
onvp8 null
opauth Multi-provider authentication framework for PHP
opal-compiler a flexible Smalltalk-to-Bytecode compiler for Pharo programming language and environment
openapi.net null
mix-and-match Apple's term for mixing Swift and Objective-C code in the same project.
onrowclick a javascript event that activates when a row is clicked within a grid
xlispstat an open-source statistical scientific package based on the XLISP language
xmetal a software application used for creating and editing documents in XML and SGML.
xmlblaster null
xmlapi2 A PHP Class for Interacting with cPanel's XML-API Version 2
xmldog A SAX-based XPath 1.0 engine
ar-php PHP library that facilitates dealing with Arabic language related features in general, such as render Arabic text on images and pdf, spell numbers in Arabic, etc, and many of other languages that uses…
dropbox-entry null
drop-duplicates null
drupal-console null
dropwizard-templates The dropwizard-views-mustache & dropwizard-views-freemarker modules provides you with simple, fast HTML views using either FreeMarker or Mustache.
nsobjectprotocol null
nsprintpanel null
pysvg a pure Python library to create SVG documents
pythomnic3k a Python 3 application framework for business middleware in a service-oriented architecture.
pytest-selenium null
zip-operator null
zip-conduit A conduit-based Haskell library for working with ZIP archives.
zookeeper null
erlydb null
errorcontrolsystem null
artoo a micro-framework for robotics using Ruby
arrayjs null
zero-length-array null
zero-padding The practice of padding a number with zeros in order to match an expected number of characters or bytes.
zerovm a light-weight sandboxing technology.
zigfu the easiest way to make and play Kinect apps
zenphoto an open-source gallery and CMS project.
swtableviewcell null
switch-parameter Questions relating to the PowerShell type .
symbol-capture null
responsecompression null
symfony-1.3 Questions about Symfony version 1.3, a PHP framework by Sensio Labs.
symfony2 null
estbeaconmanager null
esql because it is ambiguous
esp-12f null
eslintignore a file which lists files that esLint should not lint as part of a javascript projet
espocrm for questions related to EspoCRM, which is a free open-source web application that allows you to see, enter and analyze your company’s relationships with customers and partners alike.
swift-string only for questions about String type futures or problems in swift open-source programming language developed by Apple Inc.
openrc null
openrainbowapi null
opens null
opensaf an open source project focused on Service Availability that goes beyond High Availability requirements
openmoko null
mongodb-replica null
mongointernalexception A MongoDB internal exception.
object-expression null
molybdenum a open-source test tool for web applications
mole-2010 null
mongodb-lookup null
mongodb-asyc-driver null
simpleusers A simple user management script written in PHP/MySQL which allows you to easily add login protected areas of you website
simpl-schema null
simulacrum null
highspeed null
simple-oauth2 A simple Node.js client library for Oauth2.
simple-one-for-one a Supervisor strategy used in Erlang/Elixir to allow dynamically added instances of the same process
sita an air transport industry technology provider
site24x7 null
moea-framework a free and open source Java library for developing and experimenting with multiobjective evolutionary algorithms and other general-purpose multi objective optimization al…
single-abstract-method null
sink-vertex null
umbraco-teacommerce null
umbraco-hive null
ultraseek null
hierarchicaldatasource null
highcharttable jQuery plugin which provides a way to convert automatically HTML tables containing data into graphs
high-integrity-systems null
jbossts null
jbrowse a fast, embeddable genome browser built completely with JavaScript and HTML5, with optional run-once data formatting tools written in Perl.
jdto a popular Java DTO Framework
jdeprscan null
webauthn Browser API implementing the Web Authentication standard
wcfstorm null
wcsdup a POSIX function that duplicate a wide-character string
wear-companion-library Questions related to wearable apps which leverage WearCompanionLibrary
thisisant null
thinkscript a way to manipulate the closing, opening, high and low price of a stock or index, as well as the trading volume and volatility of a stock or index with a formula and then display the re…
thinkup a free, open source web application that captures all your activity on social networks like Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Foursquare
thrax-compiler a set of tools for compiling grammars expressed as regular expressions and context-dependent rewrite rules into weighted finite-state transducers using the OpenFs…
thrax-grammer The OpenGrm Thrax tools compile grammars expressed as regular expressions and context-dependent rewrite rules into weighted finite-state transducers
thread-confinement null
tvcontentitem null
tvapplicationcontroller null
thekofclient a PHP client for SurveyMonkey API
theia null
tspl null
tstringfield null
tsocks a form of proxy that are commonly used in firewalled LAN environments to allow access between networks, and often to the Internet
tsa null
adobe-drive null
turning-point null
turbo.net Turbo allows you to package applications and their dependencies into a lightweight, isolated virtual environment called a
tuple-struct > Rust has another data type that’s like a hybrid between a tuple and a struct, called a ‘tuple struct’
file-reference-url a special form of file URL that refers to a specific item/node on disk, regardless of its path
hammerformac null
fileconveyor a daemon written in Python to detect, process and sync files.
halvm a hypervisor-like operating system consisting of the GHC language runtime running on Xen.
gwt-edittext null
openshift-env-variables The standardized environment variables available for applications hosted on OpenShift.
openssl-cms the IETF's standard for cryptographically protected messages
gy-521 a sensor board which has a voltage regulator
antform a java tool designed to add interaction to Ant scripts through graphical forms.
ant-loadfile null
ansible-lint null
animatron HTML5 animations created using http://www.animatron.com
litterallycanvas.js an extensible, open source , HTML5 drawing widget that currently supports a minimal set of drawing operations
list-literal source code to initialise the contents of a list with a set of specific elements.
listrowpresenter null
llvm5.1 the default compiler used by XCode 5.1
llvm-3.2 Collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies.
livestreamer a command-line utility that pipes video streams from various services into a video player, such as VLC
minimist null
minimum-spanning-forest null
misv null
bban null
bbdb-3 null
batman-rails null
bduf a software methodology of ensuring a design is complete before any implementation is done
bcm null
bbv.common.eventbroker null
image-literals null
imagej-hyperstack ImageJ stores and displays 5D data in HyperStacks.
gipc gipc - gevent-cooperative child processes and inter-process communication - helps facilitate process management in context with gevent in Python.
ghostlab With Ghostlab, you can test any website on various browsers and mobile devices simultaneously
giant-swarm Giant Swarm provides open source tools for running microservices
im+ an All-in-One Messenger which brings unified chat experience across major IM systems and social networks.
image4j An image handling library for Java supporting bmp and icon formats.
image-archive null
ima.js a application development stack for developing isomorphic applications written in pure JavaScript.
illegal-input null
gfycat null
styles-loader null
styleci the PHP Coding Style Continuous Integration Service.
stylebot null
stumpwm a window manager written entirely in Common Lisp
struts2-jquery-chart The chart module used by Struts2 jQuery.
ironfunctions null
ironjacamar an implementation of the Java EE Connector Architecture specification and is bundled with WildFly and JBoss distributions.
iridium Relates to the Iridium Browser http://www.iridiummobile.net/
coreparse a parsing library for Mac OS X and iOS
coreosdex null
capturecollection null
canvasvg a Python module by Wojciech Muła for converting canvas graphics from the `tkinter` module to SVG graphics.
canjs-plugin a JavaScript library that makes developing complex applications.
canjs-construct null
camomile Camomile is a Unicode library for objective Caml language.
camera-projection null
subcaption null
couchone null
couchdbx null
couchbase-bucket Couchbase Buckets: provide data persistence and data replication
cortana-invoke null
qchartview null
qcad an open source Computer Aided Drafting application, written in C++, for drawing two dimensional planes
transitioncontentcontrol null
transform-stream Refers to NodeJS Transform Stream functions, a form of `duplex` stream function that mutates the streamed data.
queuetrigger null
quickapps-cms an open source content management system based on the CakePHP framework.
tex4ht null
textboxextender null
testwise-recorder a Firefox add-on which is used as recording tool
teststack for TestStack.White which is the official replacement for White NuGet package
test-pyramid null
testcasedata null
rails-agnostic null
treechart null
puppet-3 Questions regarding Puppet 3 as opposed to other major revisions of the language.
pulsar Lightweight threads, CSP and Erlang-like actors for Clojure.
htrace null
http-0.9 the first version of HTTP.
http-archive null
purejs-onepage-scroll null
pure-managed null
push-reappt a high speed, high capacity, low latency pub/sub real-time messaging server for the cloud.
pv null
fbexport null
instantsearch-android For Algolia InstantSearch Android library issues and questions.
integer-math null
ng-quill null
ngredux null
ngx-core-module null
ngx-http-access-module null
ngx-chips null
ngx-brotli null
ngsticky null
attivio a commercial search engine product written in java.
atom-liveserver null
fastlane-scan null
fastfunc null
fastlane-spaceship null
windows-mce for questions related to Windows XP Media Center Edition
redpark a California-based product developer for networking cables and adapters, and connectivity accessories for the iPhone and iPad
hortonworks-sam used to develop and deploy streaming applications with help of a visual editor.
houdini null
hslogger a logging framework for Haskell, roughly similar to Python's logging module.
hsenv a haskell package that provides functionality to create isolated Haskell environments.
logical-components null
log4net-ext-json Extend log4net facility with simple configuration options
ipreupdateeventlistener null
servicestack-openapi null
servlet-4 null
parameter-spoofing null
paperless refers to systems whose operation is not dependent upon the presence of paper
pam-unix the standard Unix authentication module.
audiosegment null
redhat-sso null
redis-py-cluster null
redis-3.2 null
redis-windows Redis running on Windows
vinstance null
recursive-triggers null
view-source-chart View Source Chart: Inspect the DOM at lightning speed.
vigra for questions related to the VIGRA Computer Vision Library
vim7.2 a free and open-source modal text editor available for most major platforms
android-cognalys one of the most advanced and powerful library that any developer can envision.
markupkit a framework for simplifying development of native iOS applications
mapplets null
mapbender3 PHP Framework for Spatial Data Infrastructures
pecl-event A PHP extension to efficiently schedule I/O, time and signal based events using the best I/O notification mechanism available for specific platform
peer-exchange null
typed-holes a feature in compilers for strongly-typed functional languages like GHC for Haskell, which allow the user to write expressions “outside in” and let the compiler give hints as to what t…
typenum null
typescript1.9 null
sentence-synthesis null
sente For questions regarding the Sente web socket Clojure library.
sensor-studio null
sensorthings The OGC SensorThings API provides an open, geospatial-enabled and unified way to interconnect the Internet of Things devices, data, and applications over the Web.
sendhub null
upsurge a Swift matrix and tensor library.
upset-plot null
gpsignaturefile null
usagepatterns null
typecase null
google-allo a secure messaging app from Google released for Android and iOS devices
go-micro Pluggable RPC framework for writing microservices in Go .
go-git null
golden-grid-system a grid system designed to be folded as the viewport decreases
goldilocks-approach an HTML5 boilerplate
goimports null
resque-meta null
resumable null
restivejs a JQuery Plugin for Responsive + Adaptive Web Design
jkoolcloud null
jmsjobqueuebundle A bundle for the Symfony 2-framework that allows you to schedule Symfony console command as server-side jobs.
jmod null
jnrpe JNRPE aims to give you all the tools you need to be able to write and execute Nagios plugins using the JAVA language
jo4neo null
jnp a short for Java Network Programming used to implement network features.
jobamatic a great way to earn additional revenue from your existing website and provide valuable content for your users.
jogetworkflow Open Source Workflow Software and Business Process Management Software
joern null
angularjs-ng-app Use this directive to auto-bootstrap an AngularJS application
angular-ide null
angular-in-memory-web-api null
maven-jdeps-plugin a plugin provided by Maven to intend to implement the dependency analysis provided by Java Jdeps
maven-mirroring null
forbiddenfruit a Python library that allows patching built in objects http://clarete.github.com/forbiddenfruit/
font-scaling an approach to map real-world dimensions to logical dimensions by changing the base size of fonts.
matlabbatch a matlab library for batch processing and dependency resolution.
matlab-to-eigen null
matlab-stem Function in Matlab for plotting discrete sequence data
acs-serviceidentity In Windows Azure Active Directory Access Control , a service identity is a credential that is registered with an Access Control namespace and is intended f…
action-drawer null
across-tabs null
appspot null
appsflyer-cordova-sdk AppsFlyer's SDK provides app installation tracking and event tracking functionality for hybrid applications based on Cordova .
appmachine null
application-xml null
activerecord-calculations null
gpeasy a flat-file based CMS for small to mid sized websites implemented in PHP.
gpsbabel Related to the open source project for connecting to GPS devices and converting GPS file formats.
gplearn a machine learning library for genetic programming with symbolic regression
gpiozero null
gost3411 A message digest algorithm represents the functionality of an one-way hash function for computing a fixed sized data value from input data of arbitrary size.
go-sqlite3 null
gota A dataframe and timeseries library in go
osdi OSDI provides a set of system commands for defining and controlling instances of Oracle products.
osgi-http-service null
osmandmapcreator Questions about OsmAndMapCreator, a library to work with OsmAnd from Java.
origodb an open source, in-memory object graph database for NET/Mono
osmarender a rule-based rendering tool for generating SVG images of OSM data
persistjs a JavaScript client-side persistent storage library.
petcare A sample application in the Spring Samples SVN repository.
pf-treetable null
pfcollectionviewcell The PFCollectionViewCell class represents a collection view cell which can download and display remote images stored on Parse as well as has a default simple text label.
pexcept a Python module for spawning child applications and controlling them automatically.
pg-node null
pg-notify null
phake a mocking framework for PHP
describe.by null
design-debt the debt that you incur everytime you avoid doing the right thing letting the code quality deteriorate ov…
dependency-rule null
do null
desktop-publishing null
sc a curses-based Spreadsheet Calculator.
sbt-jmh null
sbt-sass sbt-sass plugin for sbt and Play Framework 2.3.x
scalap Scala class file decoder for the Scala 2 language
scala-csv null
scala-designer null
scala-graph null
docker-proxy null
sbt-aws-plugin null
cstore-fdw null
ctree null
ctod Translating C code to D, or finding a way to achieve C tasks with D.
vsunit null
vsts-marketplace null
vstring A GCC-specific string implementation, different from `std::string` in various respects.
css-mixin null
css-reflections null
facebook-litho null
facebook-graph-api-v2.7 Questions regarding Facebook's Graph API's version v2.7
facelet-tag null
db-charmer a discontinued ruby gem for implementing connection switching and sharding with ActiveRecord.
dbconnectionfactory null
dbd-proxy null
daycount null
daz3d null
autojump a cd command that learns - easily navigate directories from the command line.
npm-lazy null
npx a npm package runner that executes a <command> either from a local `node_modules/.bin`, or from a central cache, installing any packages needed in order for the <com…
npr-api NPR's content API provides access to NPR stories and related multimedia assets.
systemd-journal-remote null
system-console a flexible system-level debug tool that helps designers quickly and efficiently debug their design while the design is running at full speed in an FPGA.
unitydi null
universal-trait null
universal-tween-engine null
unisys a global information technology company that solves complex IT challenges at the intersection of modern and mission critical.
googledns null
javafx-packager null
jquery-bootpag a dynamic pagination jQuery plugin which generates HTML pagination that contains classes which are primarily used by Twitter Bootstrap
jquery++ jQuery++ provides low-level utilities, expanding the jQuery library, without adding the overhead of libraries like jQuery UI and jQuery Tools.
jquery.fileapi for questions related to jQuery.FileAPI, the jQuery plugin for the FileAPI JavaScript library.
jquantlib a free, open-source, comprehensive framework for quantitative finance
google-glass-camera null
jquery-flipster a CSS3 3D transform-based jQuery plugin built to replicate the familiar 'cover flow' effect, but also supports a variety of styles
jquery-end used to finish the most recent filtering operation in the chain.
spring-kotlin null
multiplestacks null
ics-openvpn for questions regarding the development, building, etc
ideamart The Idea APIs provided by Ideamart make it easy for an application to access Dialog Axiata network services like sending SMSs, invoking a USSD menu or making an In-app purchase through carrier billing…
mainrunloop null
maid null
magnifier.js Adds a magnifying glass effect to images on a webpage with Javascript
kitchen-dokken Questions related to kitchen-dokken, a driver for running test-kitchen tests in Docker.
kitchenpc a free, open-source framework written in C# for working with recipes, shopping lists, and menus
kickflip an open-source mobile video broadcasting service with iOS and android SDKs.
knockout-1.2 version 1.2.x of an open source JavaScript library for dynamic HTML UIs using the Model-View-View Model pattern
uigraphicsrenderer null
uifocusguide null
flawfinder a simple software tool that examines C/C++ source code and reports possible security weaknesses sorted by risk level
flatopc null
flex-actionbar null
flexc++ C++ scanner class and parsing function generator
flexcel The FlexCel API is what you use to read or write Excel files on a low level way.
flask-debugtoolbar null
flask-superadmin null
greenhouseci a cloud based continuous integration and delivery service for iOS/Android/Ionic/Cordova apps
greasyspoon an Internet Content Adaptation Protocol server
scriptcraft a plugin for Minecraft Servers which lets operators, administrators and plug-in authors customize the game using JavaScript
scriptine designed to make it easy to write shell scripts with python.
graphql-tools null
graphql-go null
graphisoft null
ruby-llvm a Ruby extension that makes using the LLVM compiler building tools easy and fun
nugetter Extension to the Team Foundation Server build process that will perform all of the necessary nuget packaging and deployment functions in a customizable and completely repeatable way.
null-cast null
rtmpdump a free software project dedicated to develop a toolkit for RTMP streams
nunit-gui null
numpy-indexed a package that contains functionality for indexed operations on numpy ndarrays, providing efficient vectorized functionality such as grouping and set operations
screwunit null
screna null
scrapy-signal null
scratch-memory null
secure-scl null
security-critical null
fortran-coarrays null
seem-beacon-manager SEEM Beacon Management Platform
foundation.js a responsive front-end framework made by ZURB, a product design company in Campbell, CA
forward-delete null
forward-indexing null
adeos Hardware abstraction layer for sharing resources among multiple operating systems
adm2 null
adjust-android null
fpcomplete null
fox-toolkit an open source, cross-platform widget toolkit, that is, a library of basic elements for building a graphical user interface
foundation-icon-fonts-3 for version-specific issues relating to version 3 of Foundation Icon Fonts.
foundation-interchange for issues related with Foundation plugin named Interchange.
foxitembeddedsdk null
bridge-header null
brill-tagger null
webnms null
web-maker null
webkitrequestfilesystem null
flip3d null
flint FLINT: Fast Library for Number Theory
flinto null
webpack-bundle-analyzer Visualize size of webpack output files with an interactive zoomable treemap.
motorola-trap For questions related to the use of TRAP instructions on Motorola microprocessors
mozilla-brick A bundle of reusable UI components to enable rapid development of cross-browser and mobile-friendly HTML5 web applications
mozy an online backup service
moustache null
sql-processor an engine producing the ANSI SQL statements and providing their execution without the necessity to write Java plumbing code related to the ORM or JDBC API.
sqlmx designed to run effectively on parallel computers, adding functionality for distributed data, distributed execution, and distributed transactions.
sqlmp a second version of the Nonstop SQL that is a commercial RDBMS designed for fault tolerance and scalability.
mpfi a C library for multiple precision arithmetic intervals based on MPFR and GMP libraries.
sqlfu a versatile micro-orm for .Net 4.
sqlite-odbc A driver that allows applications to manipulate SQLite databases via ODBC.
sqllong SQL data type which allows whole numbers between -2,147,483,648 and 2,147,483,647
hyphenator null
prefixheader.pch In Xcode, you add imports of the header files you want in a “prefix header,” and enabling Precompile Prefix Header so they get precompiled
ibindabletemplate null
hyperkube null
hyperdex HyperDex HyperDex is a next generation key-value store with a wide array of features
hyperdrive one of the core modules of the Dat Project ecosystem
huxley known as Node-huxley and used to test your UI by comparing old and new screenshots.
primary-constructor a feature you’ll find in a few programming languages, including F#, Scala, and Kotlin
prettydiff null
pretzo a configuration framework for Zsh.
preview-5 null
rss.net null
rtcc the library name of the RealTime Communication API and SDK from SightCall
pressure.js a JavaScript library for working with 3D Touch and Force Touch on the web.
prerequesthandler null
xtensor a C++ library meant for numerical analysis with multi-dimensional array expressions.
easywsdl a WSDL client generator for different languages/plateforms
apache-spark-2.1.1 null
xpcshell a XPConnect-enabled JavaScript Shell.
xperido a server side document generation and delivery platform.
xpolog a platform for management and analysis of log data.
xquery-3.1 null
xppageselector null
xoml an XML based object persistence framework like XAML
xspace null
stable-identifier An SML stable identifier is a stable identiﬁer is a path which ends in an identiﬁer, which is bound to values in many functional programming languages.
ssis-development to be used for in SSIS
constructor-exception null
apicluster endpoint JS library.
conrec.js a JavaScript implementation of the CONREC contouring algorithm, which operates on a grid of z-values
conqat an integrated toolkit for creating software quality dashboards.
connectionkit Cocoa open-source framework used for transfer that handles FTP, FTP over SSL, SFTP, .mac, WebDAV, secure WebDAV, the file system, S3, and NNTP
console.dir null
omnigrid Advanced DataGrid for Mootools
omf2coff Conversion tool from embarcadero to convert coff to omf.
okvideo a jQuery plugin that allows for YouTube or Vimeo videos to be used as full-screen backgrounds on webpages.
okra-framework designed to support the development of .Net Windows 8 Metro-style applications, in particular those following the MVVM pattern.
ohattributedlabel Custom UILabel for iOS that supports NSAttributedString
oisc an abstract machine that uses only one instruction – obviating the need for a machine language opcode.
nodejs-liveserver null
cattle null
pixiedust-r about the r pixiedust package: https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/pixiedust/vignettes/pixiedust.html
skkeyframesequence null
sktutils A collection of Sprite Kit helper classes and functions, written in Swift.
skunk-works for questions related to projects or programming work carried out by one part of a company without the knowledge of the remainder of the company
platypus-optimizer A framework for evolutionary computing in Python
pixabay a RESTful interface for searching and retrieving free images and videos released on Pixabay under Creative Commons CC0
pitr Point-in-Time Recovery Recovering database we could stop the replay at any point and have a consistent snapshot of the database as it was at that time
non-breaking-characters null
node-walk A node port of python's os.walk
mod-dir Apache's directory module
tinycss CSS parser for Python
tinycthread a cross-platform implementation of the C11 threads API.
tinybox2 an update to the TinyBox JavaScript modal box script bringing new features like iframes and images support.
tiny-carousel a lightweight carousel for sliding html based content
timestamp-arithmetic In Oracle database timestamps can be subtracted, incremented, or decremented which is called Timestamps arithmetic.
timesheet.js null
android-low-memory null
slf4net slf4net - The Simple Logging Façade for .NET provides the means to easily plug in logging functionality into the applications.
slf4android null
sleak a simple tool that monitors SWT graphics resources
skviapoint null
slimtune a free and open-source profiling and performance tuning tool for .NET applications
grunt-jsxhint Validate files with JSXHint.
grunt-php null
slide.show2 null
sliderextender null
slim-jquery a slimmer, faster version of regular JQuery which excludes Ajax, effects, Depreciated code, old IE workarounds etc.
mobilize.js an experimental HTML5 framework to do website mobilization on the client side
mochikit a JavaScript library based on Python idioms
mockachino A lightweight mocking framework for Java
mo-cap null
guava-testlib a Google Guava library extension dedicated to unit-tests.
mobilefirst-installation null
mobilefirst-auth null
guardian-db null
gtkada null
smscaster A bulk SMS texting package.
collectctl Benchmarking/Monitoring software
collectionsjs This package provides JavaScript implementations of common collections, with many useful features
snare null
snmpb an SNMP MIB browser written in QT.
smtpproxy specialized Mail Transfer Agents
snakeviz null
snapback a SDK that makes you build touchless and sightless interfaces in your app, and make easy to develop new incredible apps for automotive, sports, and impaired people, as well as awesome inte…
extendercontrol null
express-resource null
expression-blend-2 null
soa-model Toolkit and Java API for WSDL, WADL and XML Schema
snowtide null
coffin a Jinja2 adapter for Django
cofundos null
php-traits null
asp-append-version Used for Cache Busting
asprise-ocr-api null
aspnet-websocket AspNetWebSocket Class
clasp null
class-based-tasks null
clang-query null
innerxhtml a glorified DOM read/writer
toolbarjs Toolbar allows you to quickly create tooltip style toolbars for use in web applications and websites
toolkitchen a JavaScript library built on top of Web Components and designed to leverage the evolving web platform on modern browsers.
toolbelt null
top-halves the real interrupt handler: It just tells the kernel to run the bottom half, and exits.
toopher a two factor authentication provider
php-psr PHP Standard Recommendation
php-pm null
phpstan an open-source static analyzer for PHP.
php-standalone-server As of PHP 5.4.0, the CLI SAPI provides a built-in web server was designed to aid application development .
php-ncurses For questions about the ncurses PHP extension
geometry-slice null
php-dao generate php classes which provide operations on MySQL database
php-font-lib A library to read, parse, export and make subsets of different types of font files.
touchablewithoutfeedback null
touchatag null
torodb null
gen-idea gen-idea sbt task to create Idea project files.
lv2 for questions about the LV2 audio plugin API
gkplugin Provides you with an easy way to play videos from other sites on your site.
gkminmaxstrategist a form of artificial intelligence for use in turn-based, adversarial games
luaglut a collection of libraries that provide OpenGL and GLUT bindings in Lua 5.
lsw-memcache-bundle null
lua.net null
concrt null
concourse-git-resource null
lrc null
compressed-class null
componentskit developed initially at Facebook and open-sourced in March 2015
composite-application-gu null
abb-control-systems null
abbot a UI tester for Java applications.
80286 should be about code targeting this processor
abstractexcelview null
dvb-t null
dxflib an open source C++ library mainly for parsing DXFTM files
visual-refresh null
visualmicro null
visual-studio-97 null
visual-studio-customization null
dxribbonwindow a window that supports integration with a RibbonControl.
dynamic-folders null
glassdoor-api null
libaria MobileRobots' Advanced Robot Interface for Applications
glowscript an easy-to-use, powerful environment for creating 3D animations and publishing them on the web.
gltools a collection of useful cross-platform tools for OpenGL developers, such as a lightmap baker application, a user interface module with rich text rendering, and others.
gltail Application for real-time visualization of web server traffic.
libreoffice-macros null
librecad null
libredwg a C library used to read and write DWG files
lib-noir a set of utilities and helpers for building ring apps.
libpuzzle designed to quickly find visually similar images , even if they have been resized, recompressed, recolored or slightly modified.
libots a little OT library for native applications.
libpg the C client library to access a Postgres database
libpri null
source-compatibility generally an ability of two software systems to recompile the same source code without any errors.
soundwaves null
source-address null
sourceafis null
sorenson-360 null
continuation-local-storag null
context-specification null
solvemedia null
sonar-android-plugin null
solrmeter a standalone java tool for stress testing over Solr .
mega-api null
mediaroom null
mediarouteproviderservice null
mediadevices null
biosppy A toolbox for biosignal processing written in Python.
4js The software house which makes Genero.
binary.js null
binary-logic Refers to boolean operations commonly found in languages like Assembler, C, and others.
bindgen a type-safe alternative to expression languages like UL and OGNL.
aws-resource-group null
aws-sct The AWS Schema Conversion Tool automates much of the process of converting your online transaction processing database schema to an Amazon Relational Database Service MyS…
aws-sdk-dotnet Applies to any question about the .NET implementation of the AWS SDK.
aws-shell an Amazon WebService tool designed to boost AWS-CLI productivity
aws-snowball AWS Snowball can transport terabytes or petabytes of data to and from AWS and can provide storage and compute locally in places where connecting to the internet may not be an option.
axi4-stream null
axiis a Data Visualization Framework for Flex.
axios-cookiejar-support This library was created to aid in cookies being read and written from and to a response and request
aws-vm-import null
aws-automation null
signalr.net-client null
aws-lightsail null
aws-ecr null
sibus Service Integration Bus typically could be used in many topologies and different environments
shtool for questions related to the GNU shtool
shrinkroute null
sift-tool a text search tool, like `grep`.
sidekiq-superworker null
side-to-side null
sideviewutils null
sieve.net a fledgling open-source library for .NET that aims to make it easier to filter objects for purposes of search criteria, etc
double-redirect a redirect that points to another redirect.
dotnet-test null
showplan.out a file which acts as a query log of sorts.
split-stacks null
splitterpanel The SplitterPanel WebControl looks and works like the splitter panel seen on the MSDN website
dommel a library with easy CRUD operations for Dapper.
spoiwo For all the questions related to the Scala POI Wrapping Objects Library
domtokenlist The DOMTokenList interface represents a set of space-separated tokens
doozer a Go client driver for doozerd, a consistent, distributed data store.
dotnet-bundle null
dotnetnuke-module-mvc for DotNetNuke MVC module development specifically rather than generic DotNetNuke Module development
dotnet-linux null
dotnetify an open source project that let's you build web apps on a C# .NET backend
mysql-error-1138 mysgl-error-1138: Executing Highlighted SQL text, causes an SQL Error
mysql-error-1630 null
nativemethodsmixin null
naturalnode null
navteq NAVTEQ was an American Chicago-based provider of Geographic Information Systems data and a major provider of base electronic navigable maps
ncryptoki null
ncwms1.2 null
ndjango a port of the popular Django template engine to .NET
ineqdeco Stata module to calculate inequality indices with decomposition by subgroup.
winspector null
wisdom-framework a web framework for Java, enabling modularity and dynamism.
wkuidelegate null
wkinterfaceswitch WKInterFaceSwitch represents a toggle switch UI control used in Apple's watchOS for the Apple Watch.
speedus null
sphlib a set of implementations of various hash functions, both in C and in Java.
spiderlang a programming language that compiles to JavaScript
fit-protocol Flexible and Interoperable Data Transfer Protocol – is an interoperable binary data transfer protocol designed to be compact and extensible.
find-sec-bugs null
fingerprintjs A JavaScript library for anonymous browser fingerprinting
fiware-skuld a command line tool to manage the user account status inside the FIWARE Lab keystone service
flash-integration null
flashmenu null
finalescript Finale's integrated scripting utility, which is used to specify and execute a series of commands in order to automate repetitive tasks.
fill-pointer Several functions for manipulating a fill pointer are provided in Common Lisp to make it easy to incrementally fill in the contents of a vector and, more generally, to allow efficient varying of the l…
filtered-statistics null
fillchar null
field-accessors field accessors operate like pointers, they are defined by classes
filesystem-events null
fabric-answers null
facebookatwork null
fakeit A C++ testing framework to create fake mock objects.
fakes3 null
falconview a PC based Mapping Application developed by the Georgia Tech Research Institute offering a COM API for integration with other applications.
famono null
faircom null
fadecandy Easy to use open source hardware to drive WS2811 LEDs with high-quality color
fexpr a function whose operands are passed to it without being evaluated.
ffmpeg-ios null
felogin null
fetchr null
fest-assert a collection of libraries whose mission is to simplify software testing
feed-operator Feed operators allow you to take the result of one operation and pass it to the next .
fastflow A parallel programming framework for multi-core platforms.
fast-fail null
fancy-pointers null
fasd a command-line productivity booster
frej FREJ is a library for approximate string matching or substring searching with the help of regular expressions.
funnelback both an enterprise search engine and the name of the company selling the technology.
future-warning null
gcw0 GCW Zero, a handheld console built around the Ingenic JZ4770 1 GHz MIPS processor
gearvrcontroller null
g360 null
fvp Question related to Fixed Virtual Platform, ARM's virtual development platform
gchi null
flipud null
flopsy null
flourinefx the free and open source Flash/Flex remoting gateway, high-performance, scalable framework, streaming server that connects RIAs using Adobe software
flowable null
flowlang a programming language design that solves the multicore dilemma through ubiquitous, guaranteed-safe implicit parallelization
fluenttc a .NET library that allows integration with TeamCity via REST API or from a build step.
format-currency null
formatprovider null
formish null
frameworkbenchmarks The FrameworkBenchmarks project benchmarks 100+ web frameworks, enabling very rough comparisons between them
freedomjs a framework for building peer-to-peer web apps.
elm-style-elements null
elm-test null
elm-case null
elixir-iex null
electron-window null
edoc the Erlang program documentation generator.
elasticsearch-helpers Collection of simple helper functions that abstract some specifics or the raw API.
editor-zone This control lets the user customize the properties of web parts.
e57 an open source implementation of the ASTM E2807 Standard Specification for 3D Imaging Data Exchange known as the E57 format in the C++ language.
dynarray null
ecobee null
ecomexpress null
ecopy null
ed25519-donna an Elliptic Curve Digital Signature Algorithm.
edatatables to provide a drop in replacement for base CGridView widget from the Yii framework, using DataTables plugin.
dragonbone a 2D game animation and right media content creative platform for designer
drawdib null
dreemgl an open source toolkit for prototyping GPU-accelerated multi-screen experiences with IoT integration for smart environments
dreal an automated reasoning tool
dreamcode null
drawtextinrect null
dsdm-atern an agile project delivery framework and is the most recent version of DSDM.
drf-yasg Automated generation of real Swagger/OpenAPI 2.0 schemas from Django Rest Framework code
drupal-smart-ip Smart IP identify visitor's geographical location , country, region, city and postal code based on the IP address of the user.
duedil-api a tag that should address issues with the DueDil API, which provides programmatic access to DueDil's comprehensive company data
duckling null
duocode a fully-featured C# compiler, powered by Microsoft® Roslyn, and integrated in Visual Studio
dualcache an Android caching library.
dtplyr null
dtgridview null
dtl-cpp null
dynamic-mapping null
exifworks a class written in 100% pure managed VB.NET, which allows comfort reading and writing of embedded EXIF metadata.
ex-mode null
expeditor a software framework by IBM's Lotus Software division for the construction, integration, and deployment of , which are client applications that are …
emacs-buttercup Behavior-Driven Emacs Lisp Testing
emacs-ses a major mode for GNU Emacs to edit spreadsheet files.
emerald-framework a full-stack web development framework created in 2016 by Ed de Almeida
em-getline null
episerver-forms Official Episerver addon handling forms http://world.episerver.com/add-ons/episerver-forms/
enigma-catalyst null
epad null
ephemeron intended for questions related to garbage collection of key/value data structures where the key might be reachable from the value
grmm Graphical Models in Mallet
google-play-newsstand a news aggregator and digital newsstand application offered by Google for Android and iOS platforms
google-publisher-toolbar a Chrome extension that lets you view up-to-date information about your account while browsing your site in Chrome.
google-patent-search null
gradle-node-plugin null
guid-generation null
gulp-merge null
gulp-stylus null
gui-tools null
gulp-cdnizer gulp plugin for swapping in CDN links for local links, also has customization and fallbacks
gulp-compile-handlebars null
gulp-imports A gulp plugin to make file imports/includes easy.
gulp-insert String manipulation library for gulp that supports basic operations like text prepending, appending, wrapping and transformation.
hangfire-unity null
handbrakecli null
handbrake-js null
happening a whatsapp-like application, but with extra functionalities which can be scripted as plugins in the CoffeeScript language.
gutenberg-blocks null
google-body-browser null
google-maps-lite Lite Mode of the Google Maps Android API designed for serve a bitmap image of a map, offering limited interactivity to the user.
google-cloud-print-privet a Cloud Device Local Discovery API used by cloud services.
gms-licenses-plugin tools that help android app developers comply with licenses for OSS dependencies
goatse The Goatse Pseudo-operator takes a list on its right hand side and returns the number of elements in the list in scalar context
getdnsapi null
getforegroundwindow null
gera 3D library using WebGL in JavaScript/GLSL in the browser.
geovectortile null
geoswift null
generator-react-webpack a Yeoman generator to spin up a project with Webpack and ReactJS
generic-callback null
general-sql-parser a tool for decoding sql grammer
git-crypt null
git-history null
git-media GitMedia extension allows you to use Git with large media files without storing the media in Git itself.
gitlab-wiki null
github-hub a command line tool designed by GitHub to make interacting with GitHub repositories more convenient than using git alone.
git-mirror null
gitnub A Gitk-like application written in RubyCocoa that looks like it belongs on a Mac.
import.sql null
implementation-defined-behavior null
implicit-constructor null
implicit-int a deprecated C compiler feature, where a variable or function lacking a type specifier would have the type int.
inscopeapps null
inih a simple .INI file parser written in C.
inheritance-prevention null
inputsimulator null
interactive-transcript null
intercal an esoteric programming language.
instance-reference null
icon-composer null
icon-language null
icmpsendecho2 null
ifs-erp ERP solutions from Industrial and Financial Systems
icingaweb null
ilide null
imglykit null
imgsource null
iguana-ui an Android UI control set developed by Infragistics.
igrid a feature-rich ActiveX or .NET Framework grid control.
ikonli null
iksaveoptions null
ile-c++ an Integrated Language Environment for C++ code compiler for IBM i Series
haskell-miso a tasty Haskell front-end framework, based on Elm's architecture.
haskell-hedgehog a property-based testing system, Haskell-Hedgehog is the very same testing system for Haskell
haskell-ivory a Haskell DSL to generate safer C code
heatma.ps null
haskell-ffi null
haskell-backpack null
heroku-pipelines null
hoist an Integration Platform as a Service that allows developers to build JS based integrations that consist of modules that consume synthetic events from APIs
hoko null
hjson a configuration file format loosely based on json
hkdf -based key derivation function , which can be used as a building block in various protocols and applications
hgweb.cgi null
hfst null
htmllayout null
hook-install the hook used to perform setup tasks when a module is installed.
ibm-cloud-schematics IBM Cloud Schematics gives architects, developers, and operators the ability to define and manage their modern cloud infrastructure as a single unit, across any number of environments, in an automated…
ibm-cloud-applaunch a service on IBM Bluemix Cloud platform which helps accelerate the delivery of innovations to mobile apps by avoiding release cycle complexities
ibm-forms a product that is used to Forms by using Drag and Drop Functionality
na.approx null
mysqlnd-ms null
mysql-notifier a small utility that can keep watch over your Windows and MySQL services, notifying you of changes in their operation.
mysqlrouter null
mysource null
multiple-bounds Also known as , when the generic type is bounded by multiple types, eg <T extends B1 & B2 & B3>
multiple-alert-dialogs null
mvcxgridview null
muxviz null
nearley In references to the nearley.js parse, a JavaScript-based parser that uses the Earley syntax
neptune a machine learning lab by deepsense.ai
neuronesb null
niofsdirectory null
nitrokey null
ninject-logging for questions specific to the Logging extension of Ninject, an extension library that adds support for the injection loggers .
nevow A web templating framework that provides Athena, a two-way AJAX toolkit.
neuroph a java API for neural networks.
neutronium a library to create .NET desktop applications in the MVVM pattering while working quite similar to WPF but using HTML, CSS and JavaScript instead of XAML
nskeyvalue null
nsis-plugin null
nuseen null
nuxmv null
nuclio null
nvgraph a library provided by NVIDIA as part of the CUDA toolkit distribution, designed to aid in solving graph analytics problems using GPUs
nvorbis a .Net library for decoding Xiph.org Vorbis files
nwire null
nxweb nxweb – fast and lightweight web server for applications written in C and Python.
nya-bootstrap-select null
oajax.js JavaScript library for handling offline data .It maintain the state of HTTP request when server is offline in Que and sync this Que with server when its online
nosdb A .NET based NoSQL database which supports SQL based querying.
nodeeclipse null
nononsense-filepicker null
nmodel null
nmea2000 NMEA 2000, abbreviated to NMEA2k or N2K and standardised as IEC 61162-3, is a plug-and-play communications standard used for connecting marine sensors and display units within ships and boats.
nncron Automation and backup software, products include nnCron a clone of UNIX cron for Windows with scripting.
nock.js An HTTP mocking and expectations library for Node.js.
nla null
nix-shell null
mquan-cortex A JavaScript library for centrally managing data with React which is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
ms.extensions.logging Questions about the logging framework that's part of ASP.NET Core
mps-format a file format for presenting and archiving linear programming and mixed integer programming problems.
msbuild-api null
multi-factor-authentication null
mork a computer file format used by several email clients and web browsers produced by the Mozilla Foundation
mono-posix POSIX interface for Mono and .NET
mono-mdk null
mimecraft Java utility for creating RFC-compliant multipart and form-encoded HTTP request bodies.
mijireh null
mindmapsdb a distributed semantic database that provides a flexible object-oriented schema and a knowledge-oriented query language, capable of real-time analytics and reasoning.
mldb For questions regarding MLDB, a machine learning database designed for machine learning over a RESTful API.
mlphp a PHP API for MarkLogic that makes it easy to store documents, manage document metadata, and create sophisticated search queries on a web server running PHP
mod-multicast A ejabberd module which implements Extended Stanza Addressing .
module-versions null
modello null
max732x.c the source file for the linux MAX732x I2C Port Expander driver.
maven-sdk-deployer null
mate-flex-framework null
mbassador null
mcapi.net a .NET wrapper for the MailChimp API
mbr2gpt null
mano-machine A theoretical computer described by M
manage-nuget-packages null
mandango an Object Document Mapper for PHP and MongoDB.
manateeworks a barcode scanning/decoding solution for smartphones, tablets, and wearables.
maskedpassword.js null
match-recognize should be used with questions about the Oracle 12c MATCH_RECOGNIZE clause
microsoft-media-server Microsoft Media Server , a Microsoft proprietary network-streaming protocol, serves to transfer unicast data in Windows Media Services .
midijs null
microtik null
microsoft-visual-c++ null
meteor-slides a Wordpress plugin for creating slideshows, powered by jQuery Cycle.
meteor-0.9.4 an open-source platform for building top-quality web apps in a fraction of the time, whether you're an expert developer or just getting started
metafont null
metainspector null
memory-overhead null
memoizee null
membrane-soa an open-source API gateway product developed by Predic8
mem.-efficient-linkedlist should be used for any question regarding a Memory-Efficient Linked List, which is sometimes even called the XOR Linked List
mcrypt-ecb null
mcstats the de facto statistical engine for Bukkit.
jsonframe-cheerio Simple multi-level scraper json input/output for Cheerio
juzu a web framework for developing MVC applications, emphasizing on simplicity and type safety.
justniffer a network protocol analyzer that captures network traffic and produces logs in a customized way, can emulate Apache web server log files, track response times and extract all "intercepte…
jupyter-scala null
jshowoff jQuery plugin for creating a rotating content module
jsmodeler null
jsend null
jquery-multisortable Extends jQuery-UI sortable to allow selection and sorting of multiple elements
jquery-mobile-toolbars null
jest-webpack-alias the officially recommended solution for Facebook's jest test system.
jool-library a Library created by JOOQ as a project from them to escape the shortcomings of Java 8 lambda expressions & streams
jgitver null
jqm4gwt a project that wraps the JQuery Mobile framework into a library that can be used in a GWT application
jquery-gmap2 null
jquery-ingrid A jQuery component that adds datagrid behaviors to HTML tables
jpbc Questions about the Java Port/Wrapper of the Pairing-Based Cryptography Library
jpegmini a patent-pending photo recompression technology, which significantly reduces the size of photographs without affecting their perceptual quality
irql the priority given to any interrupt request generated by computer hardware.
iscii ISCII is the character code for Indian languages that originate from Brahmi script.
isaccessibletouser null
iservicelocator null
interpolation-directive null
ion-nav-view null
ionize null
jammer a multiplatform GUI installer designed to be completely cross-platform and function on Windows and most all versions of UNIX.
jatha a Java library that implements a fairly large subset of Common LISP, including most of the datatypes and their associated methods
jasmin-x86 a learning tool for x86 assembler developed at the Technical University of Munich
jastor a open source Java code generator that emits Java Beans from Web Ontologies enabling convenient, type safe access and eventing of RDF stored in a Jena Semantic Web Framework model.
jasmine-async null
jbake-templates a Java based, open source, static site/blog generator that uses template engines to provide scripting support
jay-parser-generator a LALR parser generator for Java and C#.
jawin a free, open source architecture for interoperation between Java and components exposed through Microsoft's Component Object Model.
javascriptlet null
lxrt Short for RTAI LXRT
lwuit-scroll null
loveseat Love Seat :- Bringing Couchdb and .Net a little closer
lpa-flex null
logstash-input-azureblob null
logster Parse log files, generate metrics for Graphite and Ganglia
logstash-json null
lomo-effect Photographic effect which produces oversaturated colors, extreme optical distortions, rainbow-colored subjects, off-kilter exposure, blurring and alternative film processing.
m2doc null
lytro a concept camera to capture the light field.
machform null
macgap null
mali-400 the OpenGL ES 2.0 and OpenVG 1.1 conformant multi-core GPU provides 2D and 3D acceleration with performance scalable up to 1080p resolutions
maked-textbox null
madge Create graphs from your CommonJS or AMD module dependencies
liquidcore JavaScript-based, native, mobile micro-app development environment.
lisp-box an IDE for Common Lisp development.
liferay-developer-studio null
linkoption Options that come into play when the compiler links object files into an executable output file
linux-smack SMACK s a Linux kernel security feature which protects data and process interaction from malicious manipulation.
linqtemplates null
jxloginpane a component available in SwingX library which provides an internationalized user interface to be used in login-based desktop applications.
kendo-ui-vue null
jython-2.2 null
jython-music JythonMusic is an open source environment for music making and creative programming activities based on Python.
kendo-spa null
kexi null
kernow a tool designed to make it faster and easier to repeatedly run XSLT transforms, XQuery and XML Schema using Saxon.
komapping the knockout js plugin which can be used like utility plugin.
kotlin-andorid-libraries null
kontagent an analytics tool that is capable of tracking user activity on an application/website
korundum a Ruby complete bindings to both the KDE API and the Qt APIs
laravel-admin null
kotlin-html-builder null
leakcheck null
leakdiag null
lgi gobject-introspection based dynamic Lua binding to GObject based libraries
lems an XML-based language to specify the mechanisms of neurons and other biological systems
less.php A compiler that generates CSS from .less files using PHP; compatible with Bootstrap 3
leveldown null
letschat a persistent messaging application that runs on Node.js and MongoDB
citier CITIER is a solution for simple Multiple Class Inheritance in Rails.
cit null
clearnlp The ClearNLP project provides software and resources for natural language processing
clearos a Linux distribution, based on CentOS and Red Hat Enterprise Linux, designed for use in small and medium enterprises as a network gateway and network server…
cil-metadata null
cipango a SIP Servlets extension to the popular Jetty HTTP Servlet engine.
cipixellate a built-in filter from the Core Image iOS API that makes an image blocky by mapping the image to colored squares whose color is defined by the replaced pixels.
chukwa a Hadoop subproject devoted to large-scale log collection and analysis.
clozure-cl a free Common Lisp implementation.
clrdump null
clicktale a company that provides customer experience analytics and web analytics services.
chain-builder null
chainercv null
characterview A view of a string’s contents as a collection of characters.
chdk the free software Canon Hack Development Kit project, started by Andrey Gratchev, has successfully enhanced many Canon PowerShot cameras without replacing the stock firmware.
certbot-external-auth null
certificate-signing-request null
celljs null
celko null
ceiklabel null
cassandraunit null
cmfcpropertypage null
coapp For questions related to set of open source tools for building C/C++ NuGet packages for Windows.
cncontactformatter null
pogoscript a programming language that emphasises readability, is friendly to domain specific languages and compiles to regular Javascript.
podo the acronym for a
cocktail.js a library for NodeJS to easily create and define classes
ca1704 null
c17 null
c2call a Text and VOIP Chat SDK for Android, iOS and Web.
policy-based-security null
polarization null
weppy a full-stack python web framework designed with simplicity in mind.
werl.exe The Erlang Emulator on windows
wheel-menu a small jQuery plugin that will add a fully customisable Path-like wheel menu button to your website
wheezy-web a lightweight, high performance, high concurrency WSGI web framework with the key features to build modern, efficient web
cabal-new null
cachebox null
wide-api null
wijit null
wicket-bootstrap null
embedded-binary null
embedded-framework null
embeddedlist a type of OrientDB field where you can encapsulate a structure like a JSON
balanced-data-distributor Microsoft® SSIS Balanced Data Distributor is an SSIS transform
balde a microframework for C based on GLib and bad intentions.
azure-site-recovery for questions related to Recovery Services Vault, which add the Azure Resource Manager model features, are the second version of the vault
azure-service-plan null
azure-mcd For questions related with the German Azure Datacenter
azure-sdk-for-ruby null
baml2006reader .NET Framework 4.5 class, which processes XAML in optimized BAML form and produces a XAML node stream.
bambi bambi is a Python package that provides a simple, high-level interface for fitting Generalized Linear Mixed Models in a fully Bayesian setting using either …
bank-statement null
baseclass-contrib null
barrel null
base-60 a numeral system with sixty as its base.
bender.js a tool for distributed JavaScript testing in multiple web browsers.
bgfx a cross-platform, graphics API agnostic, style rendering library.
biff a mail notification system for UNIX with support for instant notification in the terminal the recipient is logged in to.
blurkit null
bobo-browse.net Faceted Search for Lucene.Net
boomerang-app Boomerang - SOAP & REST Client
boolean-polynomials null
bogus null
cartaro a web mapping platform.
casper-dataset a concise dataset modeling framework written in Java
cassandra-2.2.3 null
calmm null
camel-zipfile null
camellia a 128 bit block cipher
caramel a set of modern syntax sugars for the Lambda Calculus.
carbon-route Polymer element that enables declarative, self-describing routing for a web app
carbon-fields null
carbon-fields-2 null
bytestowrite null
c#-1.2 For issues relating to development with C#, version 1.2
caketime CakeTime class helps you format time and test time.
calendarkit null
callback-file-system Callback File System lets you create virtual file systems and disks that let you expose and manage remote data as if they were files on the local disk.
call-by-need null
callcontext null
call-control null
calliope a new microprocessor platform intended for use with schools and children doing their first steps in programming
botsuite.net null
bottender null
botlibre for questions on, or involving the Bot Libre bot platform.
browserquest null
bootstrap-for-ember a collection of UI components based on Twitter Bootstrap v3 for Ember.js
bootstrap-loader can be used when the topic of discussion includes a small program utilized to load the beginnings of a larger one which may be an entire operating system.
bootstrap-wysiwyg5-rails null
bvalidator a form validation jQuery plug-in.
bufferqueue null
bugfender a cloud service to collect mobile application logs
budspencer null
darkbasic a commercial game creation programming language released by The Game Creators
dart-force-mvc null
daft a Python package that uses matplotlib to render probabilistic graphical models.
danf a javascript/node.js full-stack OOP framework allowing to code the same way on both the server and client sides
damage-control Report generation tool for Spock Framework based tests.
databound-lists null
dart-mock null
dartson a dart library which converts Dart Objects into their JSON representation
databasescripting null
datawriter null
detekt a static code analysis tool for the Kotlin programming language
demo-effects null
delete-keyword null
deltaxml an XML comparison toolkit with Java and .NET APIs
delta-row-compression null
delphiscript an OLE scripting language, like VBScript or JScript, but derived from Standard Pascal .
delphi-strings the representation of string data in Delphi programming language
ddfilelogger DDFileLogger part of CocoaLumberjack, an open source file logging package for iOS.
de4dot Deobfuscator library for .NET assemblies
de-casteljau a recursive method to evaluate polynomials in Bernstein form or Bézier curves, named after its inventor Paul de Casteljau
delayed-loading null
djigger A java profiler and production monitoring solution.
dm814x DM814x Evaluation Module
django-stdimage null
domainexpiration null
domain-modelling null
domainunload about to be unloaded.
dracula null
dolphin-cms null
dof-file null
dog an esoteric programming language which looks like commands you would give to a dog.
device-emulator-manager null
deviceeventemitter null
dexoptions null
direct2 an encoding algorithm in which data appears unchanged in the compressed representation, and metadata is encoded in the same output stream, and in line with the data.
direct3d11on12 null
directed-identity null
direct-runner null
dirty-checking null
disable-app null
direnv null
django-drf-renderer null
django-advanced-filters a Django app to add custom filter composition to the Django admin
cryptotokenkit Crypto Token Kit
crystal-reports-2016 null
crudbooster null
csscrush a PHP based CSS pre-processor — designed to enable a modern and uncluttered CSS workflow.
csharpeval null
csharpoptparse null
copas copa stands for Coroutine Oriented Portable Asynchronous Services for Lua and it is a packet dispatcher on top of lua sockets.
cordova6.4.0 null
copy-mode null
content-tools a WYSIWYG HTML editor.
context-editor a freeware text editor for Windows
convoy a package-aware, pluggable asset pipeline for node applications
coredns CoreDNS can run in place of the standard Kube-DNS in Kubernetes
crazyflie an open source nano quadcopter from Bitcraze
cptimage null
ember-easy-form A ember extenstion that makes creating HTML forms easier.
ember-data-url-templates an ember addon that allows building urls with url templates
ember-drag-drop null
exceptionhub null
execute360 null
ex-doc ExDoc produces HTML and online documentation for Elixir projects
exe.config null
executesqlserveragentjob null
codepage-437 null
codeworld codeworld.info - A programming playground for a language similar to Haskell.
columnal-css-framework A responsive CSS grid system
comfy null
compass-rails Integrate Compass into Rails 3.0 and up.
configuration-qualifier Use for questions on android configuration qualifiers like -hdpi, -xhdpi, -v21, -landscape, ...
conditional-associations null
component-pascal a minor variant and refinement of the Oberon-2 programming language developed by Oberon Microsystems, and is now an open source community project.
confidential-information null
configgen null
.railsrc Rails configuration file; Resides in the user's home directory.
.net-core-angular null
.net-core-authorization null
.net-core-configuration null
power-architecture a CPU architecture derived from the IBM POWER1 CPU, not to be confused with the Power ISA
powerbroker null
accesstrail null
accessorizer Objective-C Code Generation Tool for programming Objective-C iOS and Mac apps.
aceshop a full-featured e-commerce component for Joomla with an easy to use, search engine friendly and a visually appealing interface.
acid3 Testing specifications for “Web 2.0″ dynamic Web applications from the Web Standards Project that checks a web browser's compliance with elements of various web standards, particularly the DOM and Jav…
34grid A grid system for responsive layouts which is based on for each row.
shaml null
shapescript null
elasticsearch1.3.2 Questions about the 1.3.2 branch of the Elasticsearch
elasticsearch-1.7.5 null
ejs-chart EJSCharts will seamlessly help you represent your data more clearly and efficiently
post-robot null
pouchdb-adapter-localstorage null
potion a stack-oriented computer programming language with a JIT compiler, closures, continuations and exceptions, a Lua-based VM and an Io-based object model built around message passing, a MOP an…
posterization an image / photography technique to represent photo with reduced color combination
android-device-explorer Questions related to Android's device file explorer introduced in Android Studio
andmore null
anamorphism In functional programming, an anamorphism is a generalization of the concept of unfolds on lists.
alfresco-wqs null
algebird null
alias-data-type null
all-in-one-seo null
alibaba-cloud-ros null
amp-access AMP Access or “AMP paywall and subscription support” gives Publishers control over which content can be accessed by a Reader and with what restrictions, based on the Reader’s subscription status, numb…
amber-framework an open source web application framework written in Crystal, a compiled, type safe language
adaptive-user-interfaces null
adapt-strap null
adobe-edge-inspect null
activeworlds a 3D virtual worlds program, where users can interact in individual .
ada95 null
alchemy-spree null
alchemy-websockets Alchemy handles breaking itself out into threads and scaling, allowing you to handle hundreds of thousands of simultaneous connections on modest hardware; all this, and you only have to care about a f…
alauthorizationstatus null
alertdialogpro This project can make it easy to theme and custom Android's dialog
adtf3 null
aether-ant The Aether Ant Tasks enable build scripts for Apache Ant 1.7+ to use Eclipse Aether combined to Apache Maven Aether Provider to resolve dependencies and install and deploy locally built artifacts.
afabstractrestclient simple abstract solution to deal with REST webservices using AFNetworking.
aeron a reliable UDP unicast, UDP multicast, and IPC message transport
asml null
ashot a WebDriver Screenshot utility which takes a screenshot of the WebElement on different platforms , decora…
assets-webpack-plugin null
associated-domains null
asp.net-docker-extensions null
avplayerlooper a helper class used to simplify playing looping media content using AVQueuePlayer
avatars.io Service for hosting user avatar service for your apps and sites.
azure-eventhub-capture null
azure-information-protection null
authlete a cloud based OAuth 2.0 server & OpenID provider
aurelia-kendoui-bridge null
aurelia-loader Topics around the aurelia-loader, its default implementation aurelia-loader-default and other loaders like aurelia-loader-webpack.
atf null
aunit a set of Ada packages based on the xUnit family of unit test frameworks
aurelia-animate-css null
android-network-security-config null
android-reflection for questions about using reflection specifically on Android
androlua the Lua interpreter ported to the Android platform.
angular-moviemasher angular-moviemasher sits between moviemasher.js and moviemasher.rb, providing an editing GUI and simple CMS middleware layer in Movie Masher architecture.
angular-moment-picker an AngularJS directive used to create date and time pickers that leverage Moment.js
angular-resolver null
angular-renderer null
apache2-mpm-itk null
appengine-wordpress Google App Engine for WordPress enables seamless operation of a WordPress-powered site on the App Engine PHP runtime.
apptrk null
aquiles a .NET Client for Apache Cassandra version 0.6.X or above using Thrift API.
apache-omid A flexible, reliable, high performant and scalable transactional framework that allows Big Data applications to execute ACID transactions on top of MVCC key/value NoSQL datastores.
apache-johnzon a Top Level Project at the Apache Software Foundation providing an implementation of Json Processing and a set of useful extension for this specification like an Object…
apache-knox an Application Gateway for interacting with the REST APIs and UIs of Apache Hadoop deployments.
apache-minifi a subproject of Apache NiFi
apache-aries The Aries project consists of a set of pluggable Java components enabling an enterprise OSGi application programming model.
apache-camel-aws-kinesis null
apache-camel-ahc null
owl-time for describing the temporal content of Web pages and the temporal properties of Web services.
r10k null
quintus null
quovolver a simple extension for jQuery that takes a group of quotes and displays them on your page in an elegant way.
packet-construction-set a Python network protocol / packets development platform; PCS uses cython to accelerate packet generation.
ozone null
ozcode a debugging extension for Visual Studio by CodeValue that provides a set of powerful debugging tools.
packagecloud.io null
package-manager-console null
agresso null
amazon-acl An access control list related on Amazon Web Services
alpha-cpu-architecture DEC Alpha, aka Alpha AXP
cvcs Centralized version control systems focuses on synchronizing, tracking, and backing up files.
cvd a C++ library which is designed to be easy to use and portable for fast video saving, loading and display
cwac-touchlist null
cwlsignal null
cxf-fediz Related to
cybernetics a transdisciplinary approach for exploring regulatory systems, their structures, constraints, and possibilities
dexy a multi-purpose project automation tool with lots of features designed for working with documents
roql The RightNow Object Query Language facility enables you to make queries against the RightNow Cx database .
rose-db a Perl module, which is the DBI abstraction layer part of the Rose set.
rocket-loader a web optimization feature from Cloudflare
roll-forward null
rom-sql a Ruby gem which allows SQL support for Ruby Object Mapper.
galaxy-apps null
gaema null
gagawa an HTML Generator library written in Java and PHP.
gamlss Collection of R functions to fit Generalized Additive Models for Location Scale and Shape
gccfilter a perl filter to colorize and simplify gcc diagnostic messages.
gasnet a networking middleware layer that provides hardware-independent, high-performance communication primitives tailored for implementing partitioned global address space languages such a…
dictmixin null
dict-protocol a protocol that allows users to connect to a remote dictionary server and query it for word definitions.
diagnostics-hub null
diaeresis null
diagflow null
dialect2 A query language dialect used by version 3.0 of Microsoft's Indexing Service.
digiflow used for image processing for fluid dynamics experiments
digest-authorisation null
usertokenprovider null
util.cmd issue Windows cmd commands and get results.
utfcpp UTF8-CPP: UTF-8 with C++ in a Portable Way
utorrentapi consumable from .NET and PowerShell
v8cgi a small set of C++ and JavaScript libraries, allowing a programmer to use JavaScript as a server-side HTTP processing language
vaadin10 a client-server framework, that builds on GWT
vagrant-cachier null
vagrant-cloud null
vaadin-upload null
vaadin-themes null
vaadin-refresher null
vaadin-session null
vaadin-spreadsheet null
vaadin-core-elements null
valet null
valhooks Using jQuery $.valhooks, you can overwrite the default behavior of the jQuere .val method
validatelongrange null
pathconf null
pastry an overlay and routing network for the implementation of a distributed hash table similar to Chord.
mergmicrophone Audio recording external for iOS
mesh-ontology an RDF-based ontology derived from the MeSH Vocabulary
meschach a C-language library of routines for performing matrix computation.
sundown a Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.
messagingcenter null
superscalar null
superpower a parser combinator library based on Sprache
supertest-as-promised null
superdesk an open source end-to-end news creation, production, curation, distribution and publishing platform
passport-freshbooks Passport strategy for authenticating with Freshbooks.
passport-linkedin null
ora-04063 null
ora-02049 a Timeout Error, produced by the Oracle Database Server
ora-02290 null
ora-12571 ORA-12571: TNS:packet writer failure
ora-01045 null
cgridctrl null
cflint a static code analyzer for CFML.
cfront in relation to cfront, an early means for getting C++ code to compile when all you had was a C compiler.
mflow a Web Framework that turns Web programing back into just ordinary programming by automating all the extra complexities.
microsoft-documentation null
effective-pom null
bumptop null
bulk-rename-utility free windows utility that allows you to easily batch rename files and folders based upon criteria
built.io-flow a cloud integration platform that helps you connect anything with an API
build-variant null
built-in-web-server null
build-impl.xml should be used only for questions related to NetBeans Platform architecture.
kabeja a Java library for parsing, processing and converting Autodesk's DXF format.
kabel-bundleplus a very popular Magento plugin for its simplicity of creating bundled-products in the product database.
kanjivg an opensource project providing XML shapes, strokes order, strokes directions, stroke starting point indicator, and decomposition for Japanese kanjis.
kapt2 null
surveyjs an open-source JavaScript library for creating surveys.
sustainable-pace null
iterator-protocol The set of interfaces and contracts support ECMAScript 6's iterator pattern and the `for ..
j2ab null
izenda null
itsdangerous null
iterpc an R package which offers a collection of iterators for generating permutations and combinations with either distinct or non-distinct items, with or without replacement of items.
itron null
sjsxp Sun Java Streaming XML Parser
smmry null
smdatetimerangepicker null
solid-bodies null
shell-history Refers to the history of executed commands in the shell of a terminal
shen a portable functional programming language that offers pattern matching, lambda calculus consistency, macros, optional lazy evaluation, static type checking, an integrated fully functional Pro…
shex a language to describe RDF graph structures
sharpspring for questions about Sharpspring forms and customisation thereof.
sheetengine an HTML5 canvas based JavaScript display engine for rendering isometric scenes built up of sheets .
shearsort A Naturally parallel sorting where you sort rows independently, then columns indepenently and repeat process for logn times where n is the length of square matrix nxn.
sharp.xmpp a multiplatform .NET assembly for communicating with an XMPP server
sharp-quote null
signaturetool null
shipitjs For questions related to automation and deployment tool written in JavaScript.
sitefinity-dynamic-content-types Sitefinity supports the creation of dynamic modules and each module has one or more content types
sitedirectory null
sitecore-pxm Sitecore Print Experience Manager is a Sitecore module which allows dynamic and personalized print document generation for a complete customer experience.
sitedefs null
simplekml null
simexception null
silverlight-jetpack-theme for questions related to the JetPack theme for Microsoft Silverlight 4 applications
sqrl Proposing a comprehensive, easy-to-use, high security replacement for usernames, passwords, reminders, one-time-code authenticators
srecord a file format standard used for storing binary executables in text format, so that the binary can be viewed and edited in a text editor
squirrelfish null
squiggly a ActionScript spell checking library.
sql-sessions null
sql-server-package null
spwindowsservice null
spring-data-jdbc part of the Spring Data umbrella project which makes it easy to implement JDBC based repositories.
spree-3.1 Developer Guide - http://guides.spreecommerce.org/developer/ API Guide - http://guides.spreecommerce.org/api/ User Guide - http://guides.spreecommerce.org/user/
spreadsheet-service collection of classes which provides all the services related to Google spreadsheet apps scripts
speclog a tool for linking Impact Maps, Story Maps and Specification-By-Example into your ALM tool chain.
spoofax a platform for developing textual domain-specific languages with full-featured Eclipse editor plugins.
spack questions related to the Spack package manager
spacecraft-operator Questions about the elusive <=> operator used in comparisons.
spatial-regression null
spdf null
spark-webui null
sparse-dataframe null
stdevp Returns the statistical standard deviation for the population for all values in the specified expression.
stencil-compiler null
stencil-component null
steady.js a jank-free scroll event library.
strlcpy Non-standard C function originating in OpenBSD: `strlcpy` copies null-terminated string to non-overlapping buffer of size `n`
string-prefix null
string-span null
swiftocr an open source Swift based library from Nicolas Camenisch providing a high performance optical character recognition library.
syncback null
synchronizedcollection null
svn-organization null
svrl Schematron Verification Report Language
swank-js Swank backend for Node.JS and in-browser JavaScript.
subsonic-select null
tensorflow-layers null
teragen null
terasoluna null
terraform-provider-gcp null
terriajs a library for building rich, web-based geospatial data explorers
tempodb a database service for time series data.
tdbf a freeware component for Delphi/FreePascal to natively work with xBase database files.
tibco-businessconnect for the questions related to TIBCO BusinessConnect product.
syntax-object In many varieties of Scheme, including R6RS and Racket, the input and output of a macro transformer are represented as syntax objects.
t3editor null
task-t null
taxamo Taxamo's platform enables e-service providers to outsource the development and maintenance of the EU VAT compliance.
tbucketlist null
tbcd Telephony Binary Coded Decimal : GSM developed TBCD, an expansion to BCD where the remaining bit combinations are used to add specific telephony characters
tcp-rst null
unreal-savegame a data structure used in Unreal Engine 4 to save data so that it can persist between game sessions
unstructured-loop null
untagged null
untappd a social drinking app which also exposes a public API allowing developers to retrieve data about the app's users along with information on beers, breweries and drinking venues.
unusernotification null
uomo UOMo adds Units of Measurement support for IT Systems and Services both to Language and Data.
uos a thin web-like wrapper over iOS using RubyMotion to allow iOS applications to be developed with Ruby
upgrade-insecure-requests null
user-agent-switcher The User Agent Switcher extension adds a menu and a toolbar button to switch the user agent of a browser.
user-account-control a technology and security infrastructure introduced with Microsoft's Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 operating systems, with a more relaxed version also present in …
unconstrained-melody A utility library for leveraging C# generic type constraints.
uno-automation-bridge null
unicurses null
typo3-surf Questions about TYPO3.Surf, a PHP-based deployment tool created by the TYPO3 community.
ucip User Communication Integration Protocol is an application-level network protocol, used to integrate with Ericsson's Charging System.
ucum null
uml-decision-node a control node that accepts tokens on one or two incoming edges and selects one outgoing edge from one or more outgoing flows
uiq null
udisks a daemon that implements well-defined D-Bus interfaces that can be used to query and manipulate storage devices.
uimotion null
tlindexpathtools null
tlaps The TLA+ Proof System mechanically checks proofs of theorems written in the Temporal Logic of Actions, TLA+.
time-bomb a piece of code designed to stop working on a particular date
tightvnc-jviewer TightVNC viewer for Java
tigra-calendar a free cross-browser JavaScript Calendar control.
tomdoc a code documentation specification that helps you write precise documentation that is nice to read in plain text, yet structured enough to be automatically extracted and processed by a machi…
touchstone.io null
tml an xml description language to allow the development of a payment terminal application using html style pages
tmediaplayer null
tocttou The time-of-check to time-of-use problem is a class of race conditions where someone else can invalidate a condition after it was checked but before code that depends on the condition could …
tom A syntax extension preprocessor for C-like languages facilitating manipulating tree structures and XML.
tomato-cms powerful Content Management System, which is built on Zend Framework, jQuery and 960grid.
trackjs null
tridion-content-manager null
treq a Python HTTP client library with Requests-like interface for use with the Twisted framework
twilio-video null
twig.js a pure JavaScript implementation of the Twig PHP templating language
twemoji null
usersnap a screenshot tool for web development.
user-registry null
userpurge null
variable-caching null
vexi A lightweight, flexible and simple platform primarily for web applications and an alternative to AJAX/HTML
vetur null
video-component null
virtual-copy null
vmid a identifier that is unique across all Java virtual machines
vmlite null
vlad null
visioforge null
virtual-shadow-copies null
voximal null
watch-os-2-beta3 null
vocore a single board computer running Open-Wrt Linux
voice-comparison null
volume-claim-template null
vorpal null
winium null
winlims To be used with programming questions that uses WinLIMS
windeployqt a deployment tool that automates the process of creating a deployable folder that contains all the necessary dependencies to run applications built with the Qt framework.
wildfly-maven-plugin for questions related to the WildFly Maven Plugin, developed by the JBoss.org Community
wildfire-api an application-programming-interface that enables game developers to link their game up to the Wildfire platform
weighttp a lightweight and small benchmarking tool for webservers
weffc++ an option for the g++ compiler that adds warnings for a number of issues from Scott Meyers' books
windows-creators null
websmart null
webworldwind null
webtextedit null
web-thread null
webchem An R package to download chemical information by interacting with a suite of web APIs.
webdna a server-side scripting, interpreted language with an embedded database system, specifically designed for the World Wide Web.
web-debug-config an XML transform file that specifies how the Web.config file should be changed when it is deployed in Debug mode.
webfm-api The WebFM API provides access to the device FM radio.
watson-ml a managed service that enables building machine learning models and integrating them in applications
watirgrid WatirGrid allows for distributed testing across a grid network using Watir.
waxeye a parser generator based on parsing expression grammars.
wbwebviewconsole null
realmrecyclerviewadapter null
rategate A simple Clojure mechanism for controlling the rate at which actions can occur
rasterizer-state The class contains rasterizer state, which determines how to convert vector data into raster data .
raw-photographs null
rabbitmq-stomp null
radbuilder a complete rapid application development tool to create interactive multimedia applications, database applications and Web applications for Windows - without programming.
radialgradientbrush null
rapportive null
rapidweaver a visual website building software built by RealMac Software for the Mac OS.
radprogressarea a telerik component that shows the progress of for instance file uploads
radix-point null
rapaste null
quantities null
qtsystems null
qtwebchannel Qt WebChannel enables peer-to-peer communication between a server and a client .
r4mvc a Roslyn code generator for ASP.NET Core MVC apps that creates strongly typed helpers that eliminate the use of literal strings in many places
query-first null
qhostaddress null
qhttp An implementation of the HTTP protocol for Qt
qgraphicssimpletextitem null
python-manylinux A framework to build Python binary wheels that can run on most Linux distributions
qinstallmessagehandler null
qlua null
qqwing software for generating and solving Sudoku puzzles.
reflection-vba Reflection-VBA is an event-driven and object-oriented programming language for automating tasks over a terminal.
reflex-dom null
refind null
refined null
r-egg null
reference-folders null
reducisaurus null
redux-first-router null
recoder null
realthinclient null
rfc1122 null
rim-4.3 null
retrotranslator null
revenue-sharing null
seal null
sdkmesh null
scss-mixins null
segwit null
scenic-ribbon null
scikit-survival a Python module for survival analysis built on top of scikit-learn
scikit-tensor null
scivis null
sciter a tool/runtime for creating GUIs using HTML, CSS, and scripts
scripting-interface null
selfbrailleclient null
serverless-webpack-plugin null
serpent a high-level programming language used to write smart contracts in Ethereum.
sethash null
setup-factory null
setup-kit null
sfcalendar Syncfusion's calendar control provides an interface for selecting a date or displaying events in a month view
sfdc-migration-tool null
shacl on questions concerning the Shapes Constraint Language for RDF: SHACL.
ruby-piston null
rubyosa null
routific-api the solution to automate and optimize routing and scheduling operations.
ripplejs jakiestfu/Ripple.js - Adds Material style ripple to anything
rlib Rust's library file extension
rl78 null
rkmappingtest An RKMappingTest object provides support for unit testing a RestKit object mapping operation by evaluation expectations against events recorded during an object mapping operation.
routemagic A library of useful extensions to ASP.NET Routing.
roberta a graphical open source IDE designed for multiple robot systems, like Calliope Mini, LEGO Mindstorm or the NAO
roaster a library designed to allow for modification of Java source files and for runtime creation of Java source code.
ruby-smpp Ruby-implementation of the SMPP protocol, based on EventMachine
ruby-tag null
run-erl null
samsung-dex null
samd10 null
samd21 null
samoa a distributed streaming machine learning framework that contains a programing abstraction for distributed streaming ML algorithms.
salesforce-commerce-cloud null
salesforcesharp null
run-war For questions related to the command in the Grails framework
rupture null
rusoto null
rust-0.11 null
scaloid Scala based less painful Android development
sass-brunch null
satelliteforms null
sap-crm questions about SAP CRM package, its implementation details, related modules , WebUI, BSP and other technologies
palmdb null
pajek null
parliament a high performance triple store for the semantic web.
parent-selector currently a CSS utopia of being able to write selectors where the parent's style depends on the child's style
pagelines-platformpro A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
pahole pahole shows data structure layouts encoded in debugging information formats, DWARF and CTF being supported.
pagingmenucontroller null
outpan a public database, which works with the key-value principe
pact-python null
outwatch null
payment-schemas null
payout null
pavlov a behaviorial API for the QUnit JavaScript testing framework.
paxata null
pcre.net a .NET wrapper for the PCRE library.
pcapdotnet null
pbrun null
pbrequester null
perfwatson Microsoft Visual Studio PerfWatson tracks the responsiveness of the Visual Studio process and collects diagnostic information when unresponsive.
percircle CSS percentage circle built with jQuery Website: http://toubou91.github.io/percircle/ GitHub repository: https://github.com/toubou91/percircle
opencv-ios Compiled OpenCV framework for iOS
onncpaint null
onigmo a regular expressions library forked from Oniguruma.
one-time-pad null
opendmk a free and open source implementation of the Java Platform, Standard Edition .
oneops null
onapp a company that develops cloud management, CDN and storage software for service providers and enterprises.
obshapedbutton null
ocracoke null
opsgenie null
openx.net an open source project implementing OpenX API bindings for .NET
oracle-ras Oracle Real Application Security provides row and column based security to database.
pptxgenjs null
powershell-tools PowerShell Tools for Visual Studio – PowerShell editing and debugging in Visual Studio.
powershell-logging null
ppdb null
ppns The Parse Push Notification Service is a service that allows mobile application developers to send notifications directly to users.
projectgen null
projection-plane used pivot an element on a three-dimensional axis.
prologscript A scripting language for Prolog.
pyeda null
python-inject null
python-fire null
pyamg a library of Algebraic Multigrid solvers with a convenient Python interface.
pycard null
pyclipper Cython wrapper for the C++ translation of the Angus Johnson's Clipper library
pyathena null
psr-11 PSR-11 defines a standard for Container interfaces for PHP libraries or frameworks
pspp null
pthread-cleanup should be used for questions about POSIX thread cleanup functionality
proxy-icon null
proxycommand null
proxybroker null
pseries A class for panel series for which several useful computations are available.
pscollectionview PSCollectionView - Pinterest style scroll view.
piler null
pico-8 Pico-8 virtual machine.
picosat a SAT solver with an extensive API.
php-chronos for for any problems that are directly related to the https://github.com/cakephp/chronos
pi0 This R package implements method to estimate the proportion of true null hypotheses when a very large number of hypotheses are simultaneously tested.
physionet null
phmagick a PHP library that simplifies the usage of , an image conversion library
phony-target a target that is not associated with a file name
phoria.js a JavaScript library for simple 3D graphics on a canvas 2D renderer.
php4delphi a Visual Development Framework for creating custom PHP Extensions using Delphi.
php.gt A set of libraries for minimalist, modular, modern PHP 7 development.
portainer a lightweight management UI which allows you to easily manage your different Docker environments.
portable-library-tools null
pop-11 a reflective, incrementally compiled programming language with many of the features of an interpreted language
pmock a Python mocking framework that facilitate the creation of mock objects in the style of jMock.
posready null
portals-bridge null
portus null
plgi Prolog bindings for GLib/GObject/GIO/GTK+
pleeease a Node.js application that easily process your CSS.
pipestatus null
play-helpers null
pitchfork for questions related to the Pitchfork project, a dependency injection extension for the WebLogic Server, and a metadata translator for Java EE and Spring metadata
pluggable-database null
docmosis Quick & Easy way to add document generation and reporting to any application.
docto a command line utility that uses word to convert doc files to pdf, txt, html etc
doctrine2-filters null
pylatex null
pyjks a pure python jks file parser.
docker-trusted-registry null
document-carousel null
document-centric null
document-architecture null
documentationjs null
documentation-system null
pygn A Python front end to GraceNote.
pyhamcrest null
pyhoca-cli the command line interface of phyoca, a client implementation for X2Go using the project's Python X2Go client API
python-mpv null
autodesk-stingray used to create 3D games, real-time design visualizations, and stunning virtual reality experiences
python-shove Generic dictionaryish object storage frontend
python-pattern Web mining and NLP module for Python, with tools for scraping, natural language processing, machine learning, network analysis and visualization.
odoo-wizard null
odoo-domain null
sailpoint null
amazon-lumberyard a free cross-platform triple-A game engine developed by Amazon and based on the architecture of CryEngine, which was licensed from Crytek in 2015.
sails-layout null
amazon-ec2-spot-market null
angular-ui-date null
angular-webpack null
angular-sortablejs a library that provides angular bindings for sortablejs
angular-routerlink null
angular-router-params null
autoclass null
animate-on-scroll null
authopen authopen provides authorization-based file opening services.
authoritykeyidentifier null
fdo The Feature Data Objects API provides a generic, command-based interface to a number of back-end data source technologies for storing, retrieving, updating, and analyzing GIS
fcp-xml null
fcsh The fcsh provides a shell environment for compiling applications, modules, and component libraries
fctb Questions concerning the Fast Colored Text Box sofware library.
nhibernate-xml-mapping Questions related to NHibernate mapping definitions written in XML.
ngx-paginate Angular 2+ Pagination component for your grid
ngx-uploader null
nhibernate-metadata NHibernate Metadata provide information about mapped classes and collections.
react-native-tools null
react-router-navigation Provides tools to navigate between multiple screens with navigators or tab views
react-redux-i18n null
nfd null
react-streetview null
react-swipeable-views null
react-test-renderer This package provides an experimental React renderer that can be used to render React components to pure JavaScript objects, without depending on the DOM or a native mobile environment.
react-toggle null
ocupload a jQuery plugin that replaces the standard file input element
babel-relay null
backbone.eventbinder Backbone.EventBinder provides a simple mechanism for cleaning up event bindings, including the ability to clean up anonymous callback functions in backbone.js projects.
babushka null
b2evolution Blog/CMS software
babel-decorator Decorators make it possible to annotate and modify classes and properties at design time.
b3 null
appcelerator-ios null
iot-context-mapping
apitome null
apitron Create, combine or edit PDF files on the fly with this 100% managed .NET component.
apiko null
vue-events null
vuejs-datepicker null
vuejs-transition null
vue.js-directives null
vt-x null
angular-errorhandler null
angular-dart-routing null
cropfield a Vaadin Field that shows a single image and overlays it with capabilities to select, transform and move a cropping area within it.
cross-controller-redirect null
cross-kylix CrossKylix - Kylix Crosscompiler for Delphi/Windows.
remenu Dropdown menu iOS component
stateprinter a .NET library for string representation of arbitrary objects
statistical-semantics null
backbone.signalr Backbone.SignalR integration
backbone-ui null
lazythreadsafetymode null
ldg null
relational-pouch null
relaxer null
layoutanimationcontroller null
layout-thrashing null
cljs-ajax null
clj-schema null
cljsrn Questions and discussions on programming {tag:react-native} using {tag:clojurescript}.
backstage null
cloud.typography a font management and delivery service that serves Hoefler & Co
clojure-core null
clocc a collection of Ready to use Self-contained Portable Free Common Lisp software.
clndr.js a jQuery plugin for creating calendars from an Underscore.js HTML template
clocker an open source project that builds upon Apache Brooklyn to create and manage Docker cloud infrastructure.
enumerable.range null
tea-cipher null
entryelement null
kube-solo null
kuchiki a Rust library that lets a client traverse and manipulate XML and HTML trees
telerik-radcaptcha so easy to prevent your online forms from automated spam by simply adding RadCaptcha to your ASP.NET application
telepathy-python null
techlog null
language-enhancement null
command-line-args null
commcare null
kustomer null
lacp Link Aggregation Control Protocol for Gigabit Interfaces feature bundles individual Gigabit Ethernet links into a single logical link that provides the aggregate bandwidth of up to 4 …
lackey A graphical desktop automation library written in pure Python.
lambda-metafactory null
lambda-prolog a logic programming language based on an intuitionistic fragment of Church's Simple Theory of Types, featuring polymorphic typing, modular programming, abstract datatypes, support for lambd…
xe-api null
xdvi xdvi displays in the X Windows System .dvi files produced by TeX
xephem a freeware software package for the X Window System
xml-rs null
xmoov null
xmos for questions related to the XMOS.com family of multicore microcontrollers.
xmltext null
xmlworkerhelper null
xmlvend null
yail an image loader for JavaScript that takes care of the asynchronous aspect of this
yandex-browser a Russian Internet company which operates the largest search engine in Russia with about 60% market share in that country.
yeogurt A generator for creating static sites
ydn-db-fulltext a full text search module for YDN-DB database library.
yardstick null
yattag Python library for generating HTML or XML in a pythonic way.
xwebview null
xtunit a unit testing extension for .Net based frameworks
xunique a pure Python script to regenerate project.pbxproj, a.k.a the Xcode project file, and make it unique and same on any machine.
ws-transaction null
xceed-plus-edition for the version of the WPF toolkit
xcodecolor XcodeColors allows you to use colors in the Xcode debugging console
wsgidav a generic WebDAV server based on WSGI and written in Python.
wso2mss a lightweight high performance runtime for hosting microservices.
wsdlpull null
ws-ex-transparent null
hcsticky a cross-browser jQuery plugin that makes any element on your page float
haskell-ng null
haskell-sdl The Haskell SDL package, bindings to the C library libSDL
haskell-pipes-safe null
haskell-zlib haskell-zlib package provides a pure interface for compressing and decompressing streams of data represented as lazy ByteStrings
hayoo null
yui-reset null
yiewd null
jstore null
jstyleparser a CSS parser written in Java.
jsprettier null
jspm-server null
jsr160 null
json-value null
jsonselect a JavaScript library that provides methods to search and match elements in a JSON object using CSS-like selectors
zendrive Zendrive uses the sensors on a smartphone to measure a driver's behaviors.
cocoapods-0.39.0 null
rhino-unit a Javascript testing framework
rhiot null
rhom null
rich-comm-service null
ribbon-form null
fuel-sdk null
rfc4122 about
fsharp-typeclasses null
fsharpx a collection of libraries and tools for use with F#.
fsharp.sqlclient null
fschateoasbundle This bundle hooks into the JMSSerializerBundle serialization process, and provides HATEOAS features
netaxept a payment solution provided by Nets.
neteller an e-money/e-wallet service owned and operated by publicly traded British global payments company Paysafe Group Plc.
netflix-nebula-plugins Anything related to Nebula plugins collection by Netflix
netsparkle an easy-to-use software update framework for .NET developers on Windows, MAC or Linux
multcompview null
propeller-tool Parallax's IDE for their language parallax-spin.
property-initializer In C# 6.0, the ability to use an initializer with the auto-property means no explicit constructor code is required.
propertyhandler null
protocol-op null
prose-mirror an in-browser semantic rich text editor component.
protobuf-dt null
blend-2015 more features that focus purely on design and function of the GUI and its controls than within Visual Studio
blast.js for questions regarding the blast.js plugin.
blackberry-q10 phone from Blackberry running version 10 of the Blackberry operating system.
blackberry-world BlackBerry World is an application distribution service and application by BlackBerry, formerly Research In Motion Limited, for a majority of BlackBerry devices
codedx null
code-discovery null
django-oembed Django-oembed contains tools for embedding content using oembed in Django.
django-q-task-queue null
django-quiz null
django-inlinecss a pluggable Django app that provides an ability to use inline CSS in Django templates
django-mailgun null
django-leaflet null
django-lean A collection of tools for Lean Startups using the Django platform
blitzbasic null
django-ftpserver null
angular2-calendar null
reactive-location null
react-icons null
azure-ddos specific to Azure DDoS protection, as described at https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-network/ddos-protection-overview
axonometric a type of orthographic projection where a three-dimensional object is depicted at a skewed angle so that more than one side of the object can be seen.
angular2-ui-bootstrap null
azure-aks null
azspcs null
azure-1.8 a Microsoft cloud computing platform.
linguini null
likert null
process-dictionary null
compact-policy null
common-workflow-language null
common-tasks null
process-injection Process-injection is, well, a process by which one process is inspected or manipulated from the inside, by another process.
distributedpubsub null
qstandardpaths The QStandardPaths class provides methods for accessing standard paths.
dispatchworkitem should be used for `DispatchWorkItem` programming questions, applicable only to Grand Central Dispatch questions in Swift 3 and later on Apple platforms.
dispatch-scala a library for asynchronous HTTP interaction
wyupdate Questions about using wyUpdate to update Windows applications with patch files generated by wyBuild
xamarin.forms-layout null
xamarin-datapages Xamarin DataPages provide an API to quickly and easily bind a data source to pre-built views
invoke-build a build and test automation tool which invokes tasks defined in PowerShell scripts.
invoiceplane null
vbaccelerator vbAccelerator creates advanced VB, C# and VB.NET Source Code and Controls.
vbx For questions about Visual Basic Extension
vc1 null
vcl4php null
vcs-tags A tag is a symbolic identifier for a changeset
vdkqueue an Objective-C wrapper for the kqueue file-activity-monitoring facility in OS X.
vclzip a Delphi and BCB component that makes it easy for applications to create and work with compressed data.
qtmath In the Qt framework, QtMath define functions for basic math operations not available in the C or Standard Template Libraries.
qt-lite null
invantive-bridge a connectivity solution for building real-time globe-spanning databases using native SQL and Invantive SQL for multi-database combinations and/or cloud-based platforms
invantive-composition a Word add-on which allows Word to download facts from traditional databases as well as cloud-based applications, using native SQL or Invantive SQL
qtquick3d a Qt module providing high level 3D scene rendering using OpenGL for Qt/QML applications.
versionist A plugin for versioning Rails based RESTful APIs.
velocis-rds a client-server relational database engine developed by Raima Inc.
msitools null
data-replicator an add-on to Invantive SQL which enables replication of data stored in cloud-based applications into a relational database such as SQL Server or PostgreSQL using techniques such as …
dataproc null
msrpc null
mssql-tools null
mtlm null
mufa a topic-based publish/subscribe library written in JavaScript
msxml5 null
mtl-file null
mstesthacks null
dataprocessors null
ms-gsl For questions related to Microsoft GSL - C++ Guidelines Support Library
msqc null
vendoring Vendoring refers to placing Go packages within a directory in the project root.
velocypack null
vegasjs null
velcrophysics null
verdi an advanced open platform for debugging digital designs with powerful technology that helps you comprehend complex and unfamiliar design behavior, automate diffic…
venkman JavaScript debugging tool for use in many Mozilla-based products, including Firefox, Mozilla Suite and Netscape 7.x
versioncake null
data-moshing the practice of intentionally using compression artifacts in digital video and animated GIFs that is sometimes to referred to as “glitch art.”
dataparallel null
invalidselectorexception InvalidSelectorException : org.openqa.selenium.InvalidSelectorException commonly know as InvalidSelectorException extends org.openqa.selenium.NoSuchElementException and is inherited from org.openqa.se…
qtmacextras In the QT framework, Qt Mac Extras provide classes and functions that enable you to use miscellaneous functionality specific to Mac OS X and iOS operating systems.
qt-msvc-addin Qt Development Frameworks offers a seamless integration of Qt development tools for Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, 2008 and 2010.
vcl-styles.-utils a library designed to apply enhancements and bug fixes on the VCL Styles in Delphi.
vcl-themes null
vdbench null
vectorkit null
vcl.js a typescript open-source RAD framework for building enterprise web applications.
vbc.exe null
invokeall null
invocable null
invantive-web-service a multi-hop tunneling protocol between servers and client software using HTTP and/or HTTPS
ioapi The Models-3/EDSS Input/Output Applications Programming Interface provides the environmental model developer with an easy-to-learn, easy-to-use programming library for data storage and acces…
xamarin-previewer for questions related to the XAML Previewer for Xamarin.Forms
xamarin.iot null
xalloc `xalloc` and its related methods `iword` and `pword` are a family of C++ functions that allow custom I/O manipulations to take place on any arbitrary stream.
xamarin.forms.databinding null
xamarin-workbooks Xamarin Workbooks provide a blend of documentation and code that is perfect for experimentation, learning, and creating guides and teaching aids.
xamtexteditor a value editor that can be used for editing various data types as strings.
dispatchtimeinterval null
disk-striping null
qsqlquerymodel a high-level interface for executing SQL statements and traversing the result set
qsvggenerator null
progol an ILP system using Prolog programs as background knowledge.
profilestats a decorator used to profile python source to generate profile data compatible with k/qcachegrind format.
common-information-model null
processador-p3 a pedagogical processor simulator, with assembler, defined in the textbook : Arquitectura de Computadores: dos Sistemas Digitais aos Microprocessadores
limo Linux-based mobile operating system for smartphone mobile devices
line.app LINE application developed by NAVER
line-control-editor null
lineplusbarchart null
wxgo Go Wrapper for the wxWidgets GUI
angular-activatedroute null
aza-kotlin null
ios-dialer null
react-infinite null
reaction-commerce null
reactivesearch React and React Native UI components for Elasticsearch
react-native-animatable null
react-measure null
react-native-ignite null
react-native-device-info null
react-native-mail null
react-native-material-kit null
react-native-pages easy to use page view component for React Native
angle-to-euclidean-space null
blockdiag Any generator from the blockdiag family, including blockdiag, seqdiag, actdiag and nwdiag.
blitting null
bllip-parser
blend-sdk The Expression Blend Software Development Kit for Silverlight 4
django-livereload-server This django app adds a management command that starts a livereload server watching all your static files and templates as well as a custom runserver command that issues livereload requests when the de…
django-plans null
django-organizations an application that provides group account functionality for Django, allowing user access and rights to be consolidated into group accounts.
codefluentruntimeclient from a vendor named SoftFluent
codefresh null
code-climate-cli Questions concerning the use of the CodeClimate command line tool, as distinct from the CodeClimate website.
codebucket null
codebug a standalone Xdebug client frontend for Mac OSX.
blacs The BLACS project is an ongoing investigation whose purpose is to create a linear algebra oriented message passing interface that may be implemented ef…
blackcoffee a CoffeeScript dialect that adds hygienic macros .
proto.actor null
prophet a risk management platform used by the financial services industry to model companies’ financial business
protouser Deals with the ProtoUser module in the Lift Framework.
multibyte-integer null
netjson null
netrexx a general-purpose programming language inspired by two very different programming languages, Rexx and Java™
net# a language developed by Microsoft for defining neural network architectures, most commonly used in Microsoft Azure Machine Learning.
nest-initiative The NEST Initiative has advanced computational neuroscience since 2001 by pushing the limits of large-scale simulations of biologically realistic neuronal networks
fselect A jQuery select box replacement library
fsreveal FsReveal parses markdown and F# script file and generates reveal.js slides
rfc7807 null
rfc5988 null
rhc The client tools for the OpenShift platform that allow for application management.
rhel.net For development issues encountered while using the .NET runtime on Red Hat Enterprise Linux
rgeo-shapefile null
cocoa-spdy CocoaSPDY adds SPDY support to Apple's NSURL stack on iOS and OS X.
zumero-datagrid an open-source Xamarin.Forms control for displaying row/column data.
zend-form-validation null
zeebe should be used for all questions related to the Zeebe microservice orchestration engine.
zebus a lightweight peer to peer service bus, built with CQRS principles in mind
zend-di null
zeke A full-featured automated job-scheduler for the IBM z/OS and z/VSE platforms from ASG Solutions.
json-web-signature null
jspm-git null
jsverify null
js-spread null
js-search Js Search enables efficient client-side searches of JavaScript and JSON objects.
yii2-urlmanager null
yoga-x1 null
ymail Ymail stands for Yahoo Mail
yorick an interpreted programming language designed for numerics, graph plotting, and steering large scientific simulation codes.
yup a JavaScript object schema validator and object parser.
havebox a very fast and lightweight IoC containter
haskero null
hbrecorder null
hdcloud null
hdbsql null
header-footer null
wordpress-blocks null
wordpress-4.9 null
wordpress-playlist null
workflow-4-node a .NET Workflow Foundation like framework for Node.js.
writexl An R package for convert dataframes to Excel files
xcode8-beta5 a prerelease version of Xcode 8 released on August 13, 2016.
wt-dbo a C++ ORM library.
xvcg an X-windows tool for displaying call-graphs, flow diagrams, and the like.
yada A powerful Clojure web library, full HTTP, full async
yarp null
yapm a package manager for node.js, in fact a npm fork from io.js, node.js compatible, providing several interesting new features.
yellow an open source content management system running on PHP, and used as a blog engine, a website or a wiki.
yaml-anchor null
xmlstreamer a PHP class designed to read large XML files
x-dwm For questions about the Dynamic Window Manager for X
xdmod an open source kit to automate HPC cluster accounting
xctwaiter null
xdodtexe null
xdr-schema a Microsoft definition for XML validation, similar to DTD or W3C schemas
l4re The Runtime Environment is an operating system framework for building systems with real-time, security, safety and virtualization requirements
tecan null
teamsql a Multi-Platform SQL client
telerik-radformdecorator RadFormDecorator can style various elements: Buttons, CheckBoxes, TextBox, RadioButtons, Fieldset, Textarea, etc.
telerik-radribbonview null
telerik-radtabstrip null
kube-state-metrics null
kubernetes-service null
kubernetes-mongodb-sidecar null
kubernetes-namespace Kubernetes supports multiple virtual clusters backed by the same physical cluster
kubernetes-pod null
kubernetes-container null
kubernetes-custom-resources null
kubernetes-deployment null
kube-lego null
teletext a television information retrieval service
krypt-ossl A krypt shim that provides the same interface as the Ruby OpenSSL extension.
kryzhanovskycssminifier Service for minifying and CSS styles files.
enumdropdownlistfor used to populate dropdownlist from Enum
enplug-sdk Enplug's SDK provides a rich set of tools for creating an app to run natively on Enplug's DisplayOS, the operating system for business displays
enterprise-vault null
clojure.walk In Clojure, it traverses form, an arbitrary data structure
clostache null
clone-element null
cljc the new file-extension for Reader Conditionals in Clojure 1.7.
lavaboom a secure email provider founded in January 2014
dashrule Questions regarding the `dashrule` LaTeX package
reliable-services null
release-manager null
relatedtable null
ldjson a minimal specification for sending and receiving JSON over a stream protocol, such as TCP
registerjs null
register-tick-function A php function to register a function for execution on each tick.
lchown In POSIX, the function lchown, change the owner and group of a symbolic link.
ldapauth null
backbone.geppetto an extension for Backbone.js that implements an event-driven Command framework, decoupling your View/Presenter code from your app's business logic.
stb-image Single-file public domain library for image loading/decoding from file/memory
createreactclass null
stately.js a JavaScript based finite-state machine engine for Node.js and the browser.
crossroads-io messaging library that supports different common communication patterns, request/reply, publish/subscribe and similar
cromagversion CroMagVersion helps to version all of the projects within a solution via a single file convention
crmcommerce null
angular-copy null
angular-comparewith null
vue-meta null
vue-context-menu a context menu component for Vue
vue-croppa null
vue-gallery null
w3c-mobile-checker A W3C tool for Web developers to check the mobile-friendliness of their Web page or Web app.
vvm The VVM language is a visual based, virtual computing environment that allows the student user to create a program, and then to actually view the execution of the program with…
vue-slider-component null
vue-rx Simple RxJS binding for Vue.js
vue-timeago null
vue-typeahead null
api-linkpreview null
api-mocker null
api-first null
ios-subclass inheriting a class and modifying the methods or properties of super class however you want
angular-changedetection null
apivore a Ruby set of rSpec extensions that simplify the process of unit testing Swagger APIs
b4j a 100% free development tool, similar to B4A that generates desktop, server and web applications.
babel-plugin-transform-import Transforms member style imports into default style imports
babel-plugin-module-alias null
odata-php-sdk OData SDK for PHP Library for the Open Data Protocol
odata-functions null
odata-connected-service null
react-treebeard null
azure-storsimple null
readdlm null
nfluent null
ng2-date-countdown null
nexosis null
react-rating A React component which supports custom symbols both with inline styles and glyphicons.
react-native-ui-kitten null
react-native-textinput null
react-native-tcp null
react-native-xml2js a simple XML to JavaScript object converter
ng-content null
ng-generate null
ngx-ui null
featurebnf a parser and compiler for the Gherkin language
authorization-grant null
auth-socket Tag for questions related to MySQL's socket authentication plugin.
autochimp A WordPress plugin for integration with MailChimp.
autodesk-3d-print The 3D Print API allows developers to add 3D print preparation capabilities, such as slicing and repairing models, to any application.
autodesk-realitycapture null
nimrod-babel a beta-grade package manager for the Nimrod programming language.
ninefold committed to delivering easy to use, high performance cloud hosting infrastructure.
angular-sprout a scalable angular seed app.
sails-mssqlserver null
amazon-mq null
laravel-morph null
laravel-user-verification User verification by email or SMS
lark-parser null
late-join the ability for a Low Latency Messaging receiver, on joining a new stream, to request a specified amount of data from the transmitter history buffer
safecopy null
safecopy-migrate null
saff-squeeze Debugging technique, named by Kent Beck, in which one alternately cuts down a failing unit test and the code until the bug is evident.
sablono Lisp/Hiccup style templating for Facebook's React in ClojureScript.
sadad SADAD Payment System was established by the Saudi Arabian Monetary Agency to be the national Electronic Bill Presentment and Payment service provider for the Kingdom of Saudi Ara…
sadscript null
autodesk-webhooks null
autodispose null
python-mro Method Resolution Order defines the class search path used by Python to search for the right method to use in classes having multi-inheritance.
pygooglevoice null
pyftdi null
docker-repository null
docooment A Mongoose like Azure DocuomentDB ORM based on Microsoft Azure DocumentDB Node.js SDK.
plugin-updates-report null
plotkml questions related to the R package plotKML
play-ws null
playnomics the first predictive data and personalized marketing platform for mobile apps and games.
posh-gvm Questions regarding to the use of, configuration and behaviour of the posh-gvm powershell utility.
porta-one Provides IP Telephony services and VoIP billing solutions to enterprise customers.
postaction null
poski null
powerpoint-interop null
pminstall the Package Manager for Android, and pm install is the command consisiting of the install verb passed to the package manager for installing an APK file
pnf null
popmotion a javascript library that helps create fluid and complex animations.
portal-java a reference implementation written in Java of the server counterpart of the Portal project which provides useful semantics and concepts for modern web application development in…
portaljs a server agnostic JavaScript library that not just provides a socket for browser-based applications that need two-way communication with servers, but also aims to utilize a full duplex c…
populus null
photutils an affiliated package of Astropy, to provide tools for detecting and performing photometry of astronomical sources
phonyrails This Gem adds useful methods to Rails app to validate, display and save phone numbers
pharlap Pharlap Operating System
perl-select set current default filehandle for output
perl-ppm applies to questions about the installation of modules from the Perl Package Manager.
perl-mce MCE - Many-Core Engine for Perl providing parallel processing capabilities
php-analog-package Anything related to package for PHP
phpari a library enabling Asterisk ARI functionality for PHP.
phpasn1 A PHP Framework that allows you to encode and decode arbitrary ASN.1 structures using ITU-T X.690 encoding rules
picturecut jQuery plugin for handling images
pid-algorithm A proportional-integral-derivative controller is a generic control loop feedback mechanism widely used in industrial control systems
pinned-shortcut null
pingexception thrown when a Send or SendAsync method calls a method that throws an exception.
psd2 null
pseudo-modules null
promise-queue null
prov-json null
pt-table-sync null
psia Physical Security Interoperability Alliance is a global consortium of physical security manufacturers and integrators focused on promoting interoperability of IP-enabled security devices.
psfrag a LaTeX package that allows one to overlay Encapsulated PostScript figures, with arbitrary LaTeX constructions, properly aligned, scaled, and rotated.
pybonjour Questions related to the Python library .
pycorenlp null
px-rangepicker null
pwt an acronym standing for Putnami Web Toolkit
pwm-project null
pvp.net-api A structured API for fetching objects and the connections between them from Pvp.net/Riot Games
python-hdfs for questions related to the Python package named HDFS.
python-hyper null
pycxsimulator PyCX: a Python-based simulation code repository for complex systems education
pydrill Python driver for Apache Drill
prometheus-net null
project-wonder the largest open source collection of reusable WebObjects frameworks, applications and extensions.
project-avatar Project Avatar provides a JavaScript services layer zeroed in on supporting REST, WebSockets and Server-Sent Events, and a rich client side framework that assumes very minor JavaScript knowledge.
progresso null
ppl-delphi a collection of classes within the Delphi Runtime Library that allow applications to run multiple tasks concurrently.
powertab a tablature authoring tool for the Windows operating system
predictor-ruby-gem Fast and efficient recommendations and predictions using Ruby & Redis
princeton-ias An architecture / assembly language created for teaching
principle-prototyping-app null
printandshare a multi-functional, multi-channeled and intelligent virtual printer driver with many useful tools
oracle-rds for questions regarding Oracle Rest Data Service tool
oracle-rdw null
oracle-spatial-ndm Oracle Spatial NDM allows to combine logical and spatial representations.
orchestratestbench null
oracle-live-sql null
oracle-opam a secure password management solution designed to generate, provision, and manage access to passwords for privileged accounts like Linux/Unix ‘root’ or Oracle data…
oracleprovder null
oracle-commerce-cloud a SaaS based eCommerce Platform launched by Oracle in June 2015
optional-operator The optional operator marks a declaration as optional
open-zeppelin null
optimizer-statistics null
openweave null
openlocate null
opentor null
ocomon a Brazilian OpenSource Help Desk Application made with PHP/MySQL
oci-ruby-sdk null
oci-terraform null
oci-cli null
oci-go-sdk null
oci-hdfs-connector null
obviel a client-side web framework that helps you build dynamic, rich client-side web applications in JavaScript.
ocamlbrowser a source and compiled interface browser allowing navigation through OCaml’s modules, source editing and type-checking.
ocb-mode a mode of operation for block ciphers
occurrence-typing Occurrence typing, which allows the type system to ascribe more precise types based on whether a predicate check succeeds or fails
onami a project focused on the development and maintenance of a set of Google Guice extensions not provided out of the box by the library itself nor the Google developers team, such as integ…
octobercms-mail null
opendetex Stripping Tex/LaTeX commands from documents
onfocusout The onfocusout event occurs when an element is about to lose focus.The onfocusout event is similar to the onblur event
onionkit null
opencv-py-install null
percora null
percheron Use for docker percheron related questions
perfect-notifications APNs remote Notifications for Perfect server-side Swift
perfect-developer a tool for modelling software systems, and providing formal proofs of correctness
perl-express A free Perl IDE for Windows 98/Me/2000/XP/2003/, includes multiple tools for writing and debugging your perl programs.
perl5.6 Perl5.6 refers to questions about that particular version of Perl
perl5i perl5i - Fix as much of Perl 5 as possible in one pragma - http://search.cpan.org/~mschwern/perl5i-v2.13.1/lib/perl5i.pm
perl6-junction Use for questions about the type.
payjunction PayJunction powers mid- to large-scale businesses with smart payment processing, electronic signature capturing, and comprehensive multi-user multi-location reporting.
pavuk a multifunctional open source web grabber.
paypal-parallel-payment null
particle-electron null
parse-ez a parser library for Clojure programmers
otter an Infrastructure as Code tool created by Inedo.
pahocpp null
paip null
pagelines-framework A Responsive, Drag & Drop Framework for Beautiful Websites
page-orientation null
pageindexchanging null
parquet-dotnet null
parse-combinator In functional programming, a parser combinator is a higher-order function which accepts several parsers as input and returns a new parser as its output.
sanity.io null
sap-ase SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise , formerly known as Sybase ASE, is an enterprise grade RDBMS that uses the T-SQL variant of the SQL language.
sap-ase16 null
sandbox-exec null
saratoga a Python framework for creating APIs.
sas-hash a feature in the SAS programming language that allows storage of a dictionary-like object in memory
scala-version-cross-build null
scatter-ioc IoC container and out-of-the-box extensibility for Node.js applications
scale-independent null
scalejs a framework targeted towards a .Net developer who has experience with Silverlight or WPF and is looking for ways to apply same principles and patterns
scalebase null
scala-xray Scala-xray creates browsable Scala source code in HTML with syntax highlighting, types/applied implicits in tooltips and references/definition of symbols/types highlighted on mouseover - links to def…
scalaxy null
scalazon an idiomatic, opinionated Scala library for AWS.
saiy an open source Virtual Assistant for Android.
sami null
salt-contrib a destination for Salt modules developed by the community.
samsung-pay a mobile payment and digital wallet service by Samsung Electronics that lets users make payments using compatible phones and other Samsung-produced devices
rune.js a JavaScript library for programming graphic design systems with SVG in the browser or node.js.
rumbda Rumbda makes it possible to run Ruby scripts on AWS Lambda.
roadie-rails null
routerlinkoptions null
robotjs null
row-polymorphism null
r-package-hook null
ruby-prolog A pure Ruby implementation of prolog
rsghb an R package that provides functions for Hierarchical Bayesian Estimation.
rserve-ruby-client null
r-rebus null
sfgui SFGUI is one of many options if you want to use a GUI framework for SFML.
setimagebitmap null
service-fabric-explorer null
serverless-aws-documentation null
service-composition Service composition combines services together to achieve a certain goal
selenium-jupiter JUnit 5 extension for Selenium WebDriver
serdev null
serhioromano-calendar null
scroll-snap-type null
scncone null
scngeometry null
scnlayer a Core Animation layer that renders a SceneKit scene as its content.
scons-install null
sci-java null
schema-plus For questions related to family of ruby gems that provide various extensions and enhancements to ActiveRecord.
sceptre a tool to drive Cloudformation, to automate cloud deployments.
scanpy a scalable toolkit for analyzing single-cell gene expression data
scavro a SBT plugin for automatically calling Avro code generation and a thin scala wrapper for reading and writing Avro files.
searchareacontrol null
sekken a new experimental SOAP client for ruby
scuery Scuery provides an XML transformation library which uses a jQuery style approach, using CSS3 selectors to transform HTML or XHTML to inject dynamic information from static HTML/XHTML documents owned b…
scylladb Use for questions relating to the ScyllaDB NoSQL database
sdk-platform-26 null
seam3-coredata a module for iOS, tvOS and macOS that provides a core-data store that is synchronised to Apple's Cloud Kit service
sealed-class null
ring-language null
ring.js a class system in JavaScript allowing multiple inheritance.
rfc2217 RFC2217 Telnet Com Port Control Option, proposes a protocol to allow greater use of modems attached to a network for outbound dialing purposes.
rfc3984 RTP Payload Format for H.264 Video
reserved-ip-addresses null
repeating-annotations a Java 8 enhancement that allows an annotation type to be repeated on a single element.
resolve-url-loader null
resolve6.0 null
real-time-text text transmitted instantly as it is being typed or created.
recordmydesktop a desktop session recorder for GNU / linux that attemps to be easy to use, yet also effective at it's primary task
redux-async-actions null
redux-crud null
redux-storage null
redux-subspace null
redwire null
refactor-nrepl null
qrl null
qrda null
qmediaservice a class from the Qt Toolkit which provides a common base class for media service implementations.
qmllint a command line QML syntax checker available since Qt 5.4
qgraphicsrectitem null
qidentityproxymodel null
rabbithole an interactive, embeddable Neo4j-Console.
quartz-enterprise-scheduler-.net null
quartz-persistence Quartz feature for storing job information in storage like sql database, RAM or terracota
rage-engine The RAGE engine is the Proprietary game engine used by Rockstar Games
rapidcheck null
rapidoid an extremely Fast, Simple and Powerful Java Web Framework and HTTP Server
raptordb a CodePlex-hosted CodeProject-documented open source "NoSql,…
raddropdowntree null
rabbus a highly opinionated, yet minimal library for Node.js and RabbitMQ
rack-tracker null
ravello Run VMware workloads on AWS with nested virtualization
realityserver A commercial development platform for server-side photorealistic 3D rendering using the GPU accelerated NVIDIA Iray rendering engine
razor-language-services The Razor language services extension provides support for ASP.NET Core Razor Tag Helpers in Visual Studio 2017.
watir-jquery used in Watir tests.
watson-data-kits null
weber a MVC Web framework for Elixir.
web-components-shards null
wedeploy null
wedeploy-api null
webspec Watij’s new cross browser and cross platform api for testing web applications
windows-color-system null
weekdays-buttons-bar an Android library that makes it easy to integrate weekdays selection in your layout.
win32forth ANS Forth system for 32-bit Windows with interactive console, integrated extensible debugger, a GUI file editor, hypertext rendering, and hyperlinked source files.
wordbasic the old macro and scripting language used in Microsoft Word prior to Word 97.
wordpress-4.5 Latest Version 4.5 of WordPress, named “Coleman” in honor of jazz saxophonist Coleman Hawkins, is available for download or update in your WordPress dashboard
wordmove null
wonderpush push notification platform for web sites and mobile applications.
wonderworkshop a family of programmable robots for the educational market.
volume-mount null
warework a Java framework which enables building apps for Android, desktops and server platforms with useful backend services.
walltime-js is a JavaScript library for easily translating a UTC time to a for a particular time zone.
vis-runtime null
visa-checkout null
visibilitychange null
vmerge a script installable from the script gallery of Google Spreadsheets
vitess null
vevocart an e-commerce solution based on ASP.NET
vertica-place HP Vertica Place provides functions that allows you to manipulate complex two-dimensional spatial objects.These functions follow the Open Geospatial Consortium standards.
variable-selection null
variable-binding null
varcomp null
vapor2 null
vapor3 null
vapor-cli Vapor's command line interface provides shortcuts and assistance for commons tasks.
vavr-test Vavr Module: A property check framework for random testing of program properties.
user-select null
valuelink null
vane a framework for creating Dart server applications.
valuetask null
twido-suite Programming software designed for developing projects that utilize Twido PLC controllers.
truffleruby A high performance implementation of the Ruby programming language
trusted-certificates null
twilio-runtime null
trepn a power and performance profiling app for Android devices, available on Google Play.
tridion-events SDL Tridion 2011 comes with a new implementation of the event system.
triflejs a headless browser automation tool that ports the API of PhantomJS to drive Internet Explorer
trotinet a HTTP proxy library implemented in C#
traco a ruby gem that creates translatable attributes for ruby-on-ralis, stored in the model table itself.
tolog inspired by Prolog, supports everything described in the requirements for the ISO topic map query language TMQL
toe.js Tiny library to enable gestures on touch devices.
toast-css a css grid system
tourist.js a simple library for creating guided tours through your app.
tone.js a framework for creating interactive music in the browser
tracekit a JavaScript library that automatically normalizes and exposes stack traces for unhandled exceptions across the major browsers.
toxenv null
tikxml a fast xml parser for android and java.
tlyshynavbar This component helps you mimic the navigation bar auto scrolling.
tmapiclient a full wrapper around the Tumblr API for Cocoa.
timeordered An R package focuses on incorporating time into network analysis.
uima-pear the UIMA standard packaging format for UIMA components like analysis engines or CAS consumers.
udpipe null
uglifyjs-folder uglifyjs-folder: Command to run uglifyjs on a folder and minify the result in a single file or a new folder.
umongo a Python MongoDB ODM
uml-merge-node a control node that brings together multiple incoming alternate flows to accept single outgoing flow
uberconference null
uberspacify Uberspacify helps you deploy a Ruby on Rails app on Uberspace, a popular shared hosting provider.
typo3-console a reliable and powerful command line interface for TYPO3 CMS
typing-module null
u8g null
tz4net an open source library for .NET that implements the IANA/Olson Time Zone Database.
txtwrite null
unnamed-bit-field null
unicenta null
unpoly an unobtrusive JavaScript framework for server-side web applications.
underscore.m a small utility library to facilitate working with common data structures in Objective-C
unbindery null
umple a textual language for writing models and generating code using abstractions such as associations, state machines and composite structure
umra User Management Resource Administrator is a complete User Management System that simplifies Active Directory Management across all your systems
usdl The Unified Service Description Language allows for a unified description of business, operational and technical aspects of services.
unreal-mode null
tcp-connector null
tbd Referes to a source-control branching model, where developers collaborate on code in a single branch called ‘trunk’
tayra an incremental backup tool for MongoDB.
taskjs an experimental library for ES6 that makes sequential, blocking I/O simple and beautiful, using the power of JavaScript’s new yield operator.
targit null
tabbedviewnavigator a container that manages a collection of view navigator containers
system.composition The MEF 2 framework as implemented in the System.Composition NuGet package: https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.composition.aspx
system-sleep null
synset null
synchronousqueue null
synctool a administration tool that keeps configuration files synchronized across all nodes in a cluster.
synergy-dbl a programming language aimed at development of business applications.
thwait Official Ruby Threads Wait library
thunderforest null
tfs2014 For questions specific to the Team Foundation Server release of 2014
textlinebounds In XAML, TextLineBounds property gets or sets a value that indicates how the line box height is determined for each line of text in the TextBlock.
text-mask null
text-mask-addon null
textedit-editor an open-source editor distributed on Macs, but available on multiple operating systems
templatizer a solution for compiling jade templates into vanilla JS functions for fast client-side use.
terragrunt null
tensorflow-eager null
terminal-styling null
svgutils A utility package that helps to edit and concatenate SVG files.
swat-model null
swagger-node-runner null
svn-connector null
swifter null
stringex A set of useful extensions to Ruby's String class
stripe-sigma null
strong-reference-cycle null
stdvisit null
steadfastness Steadfastness denotes a desirable property of Prolog programs
stjs null
stick-pc null
std-call-once null
statelesswidget null
statefulwidget null
stateless4j Lightweight Java State Machine based on the C# stateless library.
startup.cmd An OS/2 file that was executed upon startup
sparks-language a pseudo-language used to describe algorithms in Horowitz and Sahni's .
sparks-pakage-management a package management system for Codeigniter that will allow you install libraries into your applications.
spdlib null
spark-bagel Questions about Bagel, a Spark implementation of Google’s Pregel graphing framework.
specific-install Questions relating to the Ruby gem specific_install
sprightlysoft null
spring-cloud-services null
spring-data-neo4 null
sprint.ly a SaaS tool created to power a more productive relationship between development teams and their management
spring-batch-job-monitoring null
sqlsiphon an ADO.NET wrapper that simplifies the process of connecting to MS SQL Server, Oracle MySQL, and OLEDB-compliant databases and executing stored procedures or te…
sql-server-identity https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms187342.aspx
sql-server-2017-express null
squishtest null
sr-feuser-registration null
squants a Scala API for Quantities, Units of Measure and Dimensional Analysis
stackoverflow-bot A JavaScript project that demonstrates the usage of Bing Custom Search, LUIS, QnA Maker, and Text Analytics to make it easier to search for solutions on Stack Overflow.
stacman a .NET client for Stack Exchange API v2 https://api.stackexchange.com
standard-file-server null
sim.js a general-purpose Discrete Event Simulation library written entirely in JavaScript.
simplelink null
sitecore-error-manager a shared source module for the Sitecore CMS.
shorewall a gateway/firewall configuration tool for GNU/Linux.
shark-compiler an LLVM-based JIT compiler for the OpenJDK Zero-Assembler project.
sheql null
sheetsee null
sofun a package of functions answering to R questions on Stack Overflow.
socko Socko Web Server
smidge A lightweight runtime CSS/JavaScript file minification, combination, compression & management library for ASP.Net Core
smartslider null
smartsupp a live chat service with visitor recording
sjxp a small Java XML parser with `XPath`'s
sjersey a set of classes which add Scala interoperation to Jersey
siv-authenticated-encryption In cryptography, SIV is a block cipher mode for authenticated encryption
sketchpad.cc an online IDE made with found at http://sketchpad.cc/
sketchapp-plugin null
small-bet Small-Bet - Nextpeer based real money challenge SDK.
smallsql a Java Desktop SQL Database Engine with JDBC 3.0 API.
its null
itunes12.7 null
iwrap an embedded Bluetooth stack for Bluegiga's Bluetooth classic modules.
isync null
suro a data pipeline service developed by Netflix
karafka a framework for Ruby applications using the decentralized streaming platform Kafka.
kannotator a tool for Kotlin programming language that infer @Nullable/@NotNull and other annotations from byte code.
kamianri A Scope & Engine based, clean, powerful, customizable and sophisticated paginator for modern web app frameworks and ORMs
k2-joomla null
kakasi null
kafka-cluster null
keeplayout Keep Layout makes Auto Layout much easier to use from code
keefox KeeFox adds free, secure and easy to use password management features to Firefox.
kconfig For KDE configuration settings
karma-viewport null
bugs-everywhere a “distributed bugtracker”, designed to complement distributed revision control systems
bulid-notification null
bull.js null
metrofax an affordable online fax service that allows you to send and receive faxes via the Internet using email, a web browser or mobile smart phone applications.
microsoft-information-protection the effort to streamline the information protection ecosystem across Windows, Office, and Azure
eidors a Matlab and Octave library that provides free software algorithms for forward and inverse modelling for Electrical Impedance Tomography and Diffusion based Optical Tomography, in medi…
microclimate null
microblink Mobile SDK for reading ID cards, payment slips, invoices, IBAN, receipts and more
cf-python-client null
cfstatic a CSS and JavaScript control for CFML applications created by Dominic Watson.
cfnumberref CFNumber encapsulates C scalar types
cg-toolkit The award-winning Cg Toolkit enables software developers to add the latest interactive effects to real-time applications with a comprehensive solution that works across platforms and graphics APIs.
options-pattern null
ora-29855 an Oracle Database Error Message indicating that an error occurred in the execution of the ODCIINDEXCREATE routine.
oracle7 The Oracle Database is an object-relational database
parula A new colormap for MATLAB
superabbrevs null
superstack platform that lets digital content producers charge users for each session
sunmscapi null
suit-css a reliable and testable styling methodology for component-based UI development
message360 a REST API that enable voice, text, email, and direct mail integration within web apps.
message-ack a confirmation signal sent to acknowledge the reception of a previous message sent via a communication channel.
messageenumerator Provides a forward-only cursor to enumerate through messages in a message queue.
merkle-damgard null
merlin-project a project management software for the Mac.
merge-base null
mercuryjs a modular JavaScript UI framework
meny-js a three-dimensional menu javascript library
path-solver the core for several MCP and LCP solvers offered in Matlab, c, c++, GAMS, and Julia.
v26 null
uxcam a mobile-focused analytical tool to track user interactions and session recording.
uttype null
uvcharts D3 based JavaScript charting library
utility-function null
usmap An R package to support the creation of US maps in the R language.
diet HTML templates which are used in vibe.d and statically compiled down to native D code.
dido a MATLAB optimal control tool for solving general-purpose hybrid optimal control problems.
diffobj Use for questions involving the diffobj R package for comparing R objects.
diagnostic-plots null
gausspr null
gazman-sdk Ilya Gazman's SDK for Action Script 3
game-profile The new feature of Google Games app:
gallium a popular debugger for the Julia language.
rollbar-browser This refers to the 'rollbar-browser' NPM package, suitable for client-based application logging with Rollbar
romaji null
rodf a library for writing to `ODF` output with `Ruby`
r-oecd An R package to Search and extract data from the OECD.
roslynator null
roslyn-project-system the new project system used for .NET Core projects, and Visual Studio 2017
rosm An R package to download and plot Open Street Map, Bing Maps and other tiled map sources to create maps in R.
dfareporting The DCM/DFA Reporting and Trafficking API provides programmatic access to DoubleClick Campaign Manager and DoubleClick Digital Marketing Reporting
dfpclicks null
cyberglove null
cve-2014-9390 an « arbitrary command execution vulnerability on case-insensitive file systems ».
cvxr null
cuttle null
alternative null
amarino a toolkit, basically consisting of an Android application and an Arduino library which will help you to interface with your phone in a new dimension.
amasty null
alt-svc For questions involving the alt-svc HTTP header, a mechanism that can be used to do load balancing without DNS round-robin and without sharing an IP address.
amazon-agcod a set of systems designed to allow partners and third party developers to create and distribute Amazon gift codes in real-time, on demand.
agiletoolkit-css flexible and extensible User Interface framework for simple, consistent, aesthetic and modern website development.
aframe-physics-system null
agen-framework a cross-platform framework for 2D games
aixm-5 null
ajaxlink null
ajaxbehaviorevent null
akka.net-networking null
packagereference null
packagedrone a software artifact repository with an initial focus on OSGi.
packageinspectionfailed Error thrown by Adobe FlashBuilder when compiling / building a project
p4-lang Questions about the P4 programming language
custom-react-scripts null
quorrajs QuorraJS helps to develop enterprise-grade Node.js MVC web applications using simple and clean code in a short time.
quick-junit an Eclipse plugin for quickly updating JUnit test code.
quicklens a Scala library for modifying deeply nested fields in case classes using developer-friendly syntax.
quickfixgo The GO port of QuickFIX, an open-source engine for writing applications that communicate via the FIX protocol .
qvideowidget null
qwidgetaction null
apache-celix an implementation of the OSGi specification adapted to C
appverse a development platform designed to produce applications for any mobile platform.
appway an expression language focused on simpler syntax
apsalar null
appenvoy a home and lock screen, push messaging solution for app developers.
apache-ab null
angular-once a library for inproving the performance of read-only lists by removing the duplicate watchers.
angular-ngfor null
angular-material-theming null
androjeta `Androjeta` - Java source code generating framework for `Android`
android-vitals Android Vitals allows developers to obtain performance and stability metrics about their app, from users who voluntarily provide this data
android-exif null
android-gnss null
android-go null
atatus Real User Monitoring and JavaScript Error Tracking for Modern Web
async-iterator null
asyncpoco null
aurelia-orm null
aurelia-autocomplete null
azure-ilb null
azure-location-based-services null
azure-licensing null
avaya-dmcc-.net The .Net version of the DMCC APIs provided by Avaya Aura Application Enablement Services enables applications to access the physical device, media and basic third-party call control capa…
avogadro a popular open-source program to view and edit molecules.
ask-fast a cloud based platform for multi channel communications.
argparse4j a command line argument parser library for Java based on Python's argparse module.
archunit a free, simple and extensible library for checking the architecture of your Java code
ardulink a complete, open source, java solution for the control and coordination of Arduino boards
aerospike-ce Aerospike Community Edition
aem-developer-tools a set of Eclipse plug-in that brings you the full connection to the Adobe Experience Manager.
advanced-query-tool null
alertmanager null
alert-notification null
akka-http-spring-boot null
al null
akka-tree For questions regarding akka-tree https://github.com/nraychaudhuri/akka-tree
acucobol-gt a COBOL runtime and compiler created by MicroFocus
activitypub a decentralized social networking protocol based upon the ActivityStreams 2.0 data format.
adobe-portfolio a portfolio-website builder, and is part of Adobe's Creative Cloud.
adroll the top retargeting platform, making retargeting simple and profitable for companies and agencies of all sizes.
adsapi-php.ini null
amazon-workspaces null
allowpaymentrequest null
allselected null
allinea-map Questions on Arm MAP, a parallel profiler
algoid a new language
algebraic-number a number that is a root of a non-zero polynomial in one variable with rational coefficients
algebra.js null
alexa-for-business null
alexa-sdk-nodejs concerned with development of alexa-skills using the alexa-sdk for nodejs
analytics-engine-python-sdk a community supported library for working with IBM Analytics Engine.
amqp-client null
amx null
amplpy an interface that allows developers to access the features of the AMPL interpreter from within a programming language.
android-enterprise-features null
android-dynamic-shortcuts null
post-quantum-cryptography null
ekeko a Clojure library for applicative logic meta-programming against an Eclipse workspace
eight-peg-puzzle a simple puzzle moving eight pegs of two different colors in a line with nine holes.
elasticsearch.net a low-level, dependency free client that that provides a one-to-one mapping with the Elasticsearch REST API
elastest an open source elastic platform aimed to ease end-to-end testing
shared-credentials null
sharedarraybuffer null
shader-model The Unified Shader Model , uses a consistent instruction set across all shader types
shadow-database a file on UNIX systems which contains the password information for the system's accounts and optional aging information.
abstractverticle the abstract base class that you can extend to write your own Verticle classes
accessibility-tester null
accountsservice null
accountview For questions about programming against the AccountView web services or imports/exports.
powerbank null
powerbi-mobile null
.net-4.5.3 the newest version of the popular Microsoft .NET framework
.imp null
.net-rtf-writer a C#.Net library that allows for programmatic generation of RTF formatted documents.
compctl null
compiler-architecture A compiler can be viewed as a program that accepts a source code and generates machine code for some computer architecture
complexpreferences null
component-enabler part of the Unisys AB Suite and EAE rapid application development tools.
component-injection null
comet-cache a plugin for the WordPress content management system
column-header-band a section of Jasper report where you can apply information not repeatable
color-shade for get combinations of specific color's shade and tilt.
codeviz a call graph generation utility for C/C++
codemod a tool/library to assist you with large-scale codebase refactors that can be partially automated but still require human oversight and occasional intervention.
excss null
exchange-sharp a C# API for working with various exchanges for stocks and cryptocurrency
execline , according to its website, is > a scripting language, like sh ; but its syntax is quite different from a traditional shell synt…
excel-writer-xlsx for question about the Perl module Excel::Writer::XLSX.
eww GNU Emacs Web Browser
ember-cli-sentry null
ember-cli-page-object null
ember-cli-pagination null
ember.js-component null
cqlr null
crank a load testing tool for SignalR
coreerlang an intermediate representation of Erlang, intended to lie at a level between source code and the intermediate code typically found in compilers.
cordova-windows null
cordova-hooks null
cordova-plugin-app-name a small Cordova plugin to address the issue of spaces in the names of Cordova apps.
cp864 DOS Code page 864 used for arabic text.
covr test coverage reports for R
convnetsharp null
contentful-vault an Android library that simplifies persistence of data from Contentful via SQLite
copernica-php-js A library to integrate the Google V8 Javascript Engine in PHP
copy.com A cloud storage service website for storing, Synchronizing and sharing files.
cool-kitten Collection of HTML/CSS/JS files for creating a lightweight and responsive parallax scrolling website.
coordinator-pattern null
csscritic a lightweight tool for regression testing of Cascading Style Sheets.
crowdin a localization project management platform and translation tool for developers and website owners
crownpeak null
crowd a web-based single sign-on tool that aims to simplify application provisioning and identity management
cryptojacking the act of a hacker having injected a script in a web application which causes that all the website visitors will in their webbrowser run cryptocurrency mining on beh…
custom-entitlements null
d3-jetpack null
curl-language a reflective object-oriented programming language for interactive web applications.
django-bakery null
django-bitfield A library provides a bit-field support for Django models.
django-assets django-assets Integrates the webassets library with Django, adding support for merging, minifying and compiling CSS and Javascript files.
dis Distributed Interactive Simulation - Standard protocol for distributed wargaming simulations.
distributive The categorical dual of Traversable
divpeek a lightweight jQuery script to add animations on scroll.
directory-content The process of getting and processing the content of a directory.
devtools-6 null
dojox.widget null
downtify null
dovetailing a technique that interleaves different computations, performing them essentially simultaneously
dmgcanvas null
dekujs a library for rendering interfaces using pure functions and virtual DOM.
degraph a Scala library for testing and visualizing dependencies between classes and packages in JVM based code.
declval null
declaredesign a suite of R packages for generating synthetic data for diagnosing research designs.
ddtek-driver null
delphi-for-php a Rapid Application Development environment for developing PHP applications with a designer, editor, debugger and component framework
destroyed-at ActiveRecord Mixin for Safe Destroys
detex a well-known program stripping Tex/LaTeX commands from documents
detectrtc a JavaScript library for detecting WebRTC features.
detected-activity null
datedropper a jQuery plugin for managing dates for input fields
dartvoid an application hosting platform for Dart application.
dart-web-toolkit a port of GWT written in pure Dart language.
dart-spark A Chrome app based development environment with a reusable library of GUI widgets.
database-workbench null
dalliance null
daemonset null
dart-data-binding null
dapper-lite a simple object mapper for .NET, .NET Compact Framework and Mono.
dante null
bufferedimageop null
buddy-auth null
btstask Command line tool for the management of BizTalk applications
bsdl null
brubeck a flexible Python web framework that aims to make the process of building scalable web services easy.
buffy for questions about the Clojure library
bychan Questions regarding https://github.com/atorstling/bychan - A Pratt Expression Parser Library for Java
bootstrap-protocol a network protocol used by a network client to obtain an IP address from a configuration server
bootstrap-themes null
boto-mws null
calfuzzer a automatic testing framework for concurrent programs written in the Java programming language
caldecott A HTTP/Websocket Tunneling Library.
c#7 null
bytechannel null
bzlib-conduit a Haskell conduit filter package that provides filters for bzip2 compression.
carbon-data a new big data file format for faster interactive query using advanced columnar storage, index, compression and encoding techniques to improve computing efficiency, which helps i…
carbon-react an open source UI toolkit built with ReactJS
carlet a Java application
camelot-php-tools Camelot PHP Tools extends the Camelot .NET Connector for seamless SharePoint integration
camel-pgp null
calypso a suite of applications for financial markets and institutions.
camelcade null
cashtag null
cartaoelo null
board-bi a Business Intelligence and Corporate Performance Management software vendor known for its BOARD toolkit
bluetoothadapter The BluetoothAdapter lets you perform fundamental Bluetooth tasks, such as initiate device discovery, query a list of paired devices, etc.
bluetoothlescanner null
bluebutton the symbol for a patient’s access to their own data
blosxom Open Source Perl-based weblog framework
blockstack a network for building decentralized apps that you access through the Blockstack Browser, built on top of the Bitcoin blockchain
bitweaver null
bitpay-c#-sdk C# SDK provides a convenient abstraction of BitPay's cryptographically-secure API and allows payment gateway developers to focus on payment flow/e-commerce integration rather than on the specific deta…
bit-sampling null
biglm null
better-assert C-style assert for node.js, reporting the expression string as the error message.
behavior-ui a set of UI components based on coupled with a JavaScript framework for building i…
behaviorsearch BehaviorSearch automates the exploration of NetLogo models
basica null
barista null
barrage used in MIOsoft's Barrage service, and is designed to make it possible to concisely define and detect complex patterns in streaming and sensor data.
banditcpp a human friendly unit testing framework for C++11 http://banditcpp.org
azure-servicebus-subscriptions null
bagplot a bivariate generalisation of a boxplot and gives insight in the distribution of data points in both axes.
embedio null
embeddinator null
embedxcode Questions pertaining to the embedXcode template, which allows development for embedded devices in Xcode.
embedpostgresql null
wide-angle-camera null
wijmo-grid null
wiki.js An open source wiki engine running on Node.js and written in Javascript.
caat an scene graph director-based animation framework for javascript.
cached-resource a Ruby gem whose goal is to increase the performance of interacting with web services via ActiveResource by caching responses based on request parameters
wherigo a toolset for creating and playing GPS-enabled adventures in the real world.
why3ml null
why-is-node-running null
pointofview null
polyphonic-c# a research extension to C# which contains asynchronous concurrency abstractions, intended for both multithreaded and asynchronous event-driven programs.
polymer-app-toolbox a collection of components, tools and templates for building Progressive Web Apps with Polymer.
polyglot.js null
poly-google null
c2hsc a utility for creating .hsc files from C API header files.
ca7 null
c10n A Java library, focused on making internationalisation more modular, easier to evolve and maintain, robust-to-change and IDE-friendly without excess of external tools.
c++builder-3 null
cobub-razor Cobub Razor - Open Source Mobile Analytics Solution
poco-path null
pod-priority Priority indicates the importance of a Pod relative to other Pods
podspace Questions about podspace.io - a container-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service cloud based on Docker, Kubernetes and OpenShift.
cmucl null
clutz Clutz, Closure to TypeScript Declarations generator, uses the Closure Compiler to parse Closure-style JSDoc type annotations from ES5/ES2015 code, and generates a suitable TypeScript type defi…
cmake-modules null
cassandra-sasi-index null
cdrts Convergent or Commutative Replicated Data Types
cert-manager null
cesu-8 non-standard UNICODE character encoding format close to UTF-8 with the exception that the characters points above U+FFFF are represented with UNICODE surrogate pairs encoded as 16 bit charac…
cement an advanced CLI Application Framework for Python.
chromev52 very specific to errors related to Chrome version 52
chrome-promise null
chakram null
change.org a website that provides a freemium petition tool for more than 100 million users and hosts sponsored campaigns for organizations.
chameleonpi a Raspbian remix for providing Raspberry Pi users a platform for emulators.
clewn a program that implements full gdb support in the vim editor that supports breakpoints, watch variables, gdb command completion, assembly windows, etc.
clif CLIF, Load Injection Framework.
clpz an instance of the general CLP scheme, extending logic programming with reasoning over specialised domains
clustercrit null
cltl2 Common Lisp the Language, 2nd edition
clustalx a windows interface for the ClustalW multiple sequence alignment program
chui.js A collection of JavaScript methods built on top of ChocolateChip.js
cicero null
chronological null
chud Apple's Computer Hardware Understanding and Debugging framework, used for advanced software profiling.
chronon Chronon, a Digital Video Recorder for Java
chrono-tz null
ciplus a specification that extends the Common Interface as found in the digital broadcasting standard
cinnameg a programming language that allows you to mix declarative and imperative programming seamlessly.
cilium null
levigo a Go wrapper for LevelDB
lessc null
lept4j null
lemmon-slider a jQuery-based carousel that supports slided elements with variable widths
lein-cooper null
lein-droid null
leinigen null
lgv30 null
lgbluetooth Simple, block-based, lightweight library over CoreBluetooth.
libtls a high-level secure sockets API provided as part of the LibreSSL project
libzfs null
leaflet.geodesic null
leaky-bucket null
ledbat Low Extra Delay Background Transport is an experimental delay-based congestion control algorithm that seeks to utilize the available bandwidth on an end-to-end path while limiting the consequ…
legato null
kre K Runtime Environment is the code required to bootstrap and run an ASP.NET vNext application
kore.io an easy to use web application framework for writing scalable web APIs in C
konqueror A web browser / file manager for Linux
kotlin-experimental Experimental APIs, subject to change in future versions of Kotlin.
kotlin-frontend null
kolmisoft Billing and routing software for VoIP
knockout-editables plugin for KnockoutJS which allows to accept or rollback changes on observables or view models
keymasterjs a simple micro-library for defining and dispatching keyboard shortcuts
keybase Tag for questions about Keybase
keyboard-macro null
keyboard-grab A client can actively grab control of the keyboard, and key events will be sent to that client rather than the client the events would normally have been sent to.
key-formal-verification an open-source formal software verification tool, mainly for deductively proving program correctness of Java source code.
keyhelp a free ActiveX control which enhances the capabilities of compiled Microsoft help systems and control the behavior of HTML Help systems in a Windows application.
jyni null
jxtree an extension of jTree class to show enhanced Tree component with support for SwingX rendering, highlighting, rollover and search functionality.
kendo-ui-builder an application generator that can create web applications that run against Progress OpenEdge databases and data services
jwt-simple null
jwa null
link-to-if null
linux-rt a patch for the Linux Kernel that gives it hard realtime capabilities.
liquid.net a C# port of Tobias Lüdke's Liquid templating language.
lightcase.js null
liferay-solr null
lifetimes-python 'lifetimes' helps to measure customer lifetime value in Python
liconic null
lisp-unit a unit testing library for Common Lisp.
lispyscript Javascript using a 'Lispy' syntax, and compiles to Javascript.
localio null
local-web-server when referring to local-web-server, a modular web server written in node.js.
maldiquant R package for quantitative analysis of mass spectrometry data, performs baseline subtraction, peak alignment and handling of replicated measurements
maclisp A dialect of the LISP programming language.
macbot null
logstash-gelf null
javascriptools a set o JavaScript components, functions and classes
jbbcode null
jenkins-github-plugin null
jemh An enterprise message handler for JIRA.
jekejeke an interpreter only implementation of Prolog written in 100% Java.
jed null
jasdb a multi-platform noSQL-document-based database
jasmid.js a MIDI file reader and synthesiser in Javascript.
jasmine-rails Usage related to jasmine-rails gem that intends to make it a little easier to integrate Jasmine into your workflow, particularly if you're working in Rails 3.2 or later.
jamopp a set of Eclipse plug-ins that can be used to parse Java source code into EMF-based models and vice versa.
jamm Java Agent for Memory Measurements.
jakarta-ee null
isuserinteractionenabled null
jackson-xml null
jackson-dataformat-yaml null
ionic-plugins null
ionic-events null
ionsound a jquery plugin for playing sounds on events.
ion-content null
interlisp null
internetconnect null
ispconfig-3 null
isomorphic-webpack null
is-class null
joone Joone is an artificial neural network Java framework
jheatchart a Java library for creating heat map charts.
jonix a Java class library for easy retrieval of the ONIX sources
joodo An opensource web application framework for Clojure
jester a sinatra-like web framework for Nim.
jep-256 This addition to Java 9 simplifies the creation of custom BeanInfo classes and enables the modularization of the client library
jennifer the next-generation APM solution, designed to manage business-critical applications running on Java, .NET and PHP platforms.
jeta Jeta - Java source code generating framework.
jfactory null
jfairy Java fake data generator.
jfreechart-fx null
jflex-maven-plugin A Maven plugin to invoke the JFlex parser generator.
jquerynotebook A simple, clean and elegant WYSIWYG rich text editor for web aplications
jquery-socialist a jQuery plugin plugin that combines multiple social media feeds in one place.
jscc the first available parser development system for JavaScript and ECMAScript-derivates.
jscl a Common Lisp implementation that compiles to Javascript.
jshortcut a JNI library to allow Java programs to create shortcuts and menu items on Windows.
js-lingui null
json4j null
jupyter-slides null
jus a flexible and easy HTTP/REST client library for Java and Android.
jupyter-rise null
jumboexcel Lightweight OpenXml framework
jsonbexception null
json-hyper-schema mean JsonSchema hypermedia
jtmpl a DOM-aware templating engine.
mcpl a programming language that has been derived from BCPL by the inclusion of features found in ML, C and Prolog.
mehdime-entity a library available already in www.nuget.com
mda-8086 null
memkeys a top like tool for inspecting memcache key values in realtime
memory-graph-debugger Questions about the Xcode Memory Graph Debugger.
memory-locking helpful for real-time applications and/or where security is an issue, as it guarantees the residence out the memory locked and so reduces latency and/or the risk of being placed
meteor-1.3 a modular platform for developing web and mobile applications in JavaScript based on the NodeJS platform
meta-toolkit a Data Science C++ toolkit which aims at improving and complement the current body of open source machine learning and information retrieval software.
mat-card null
man-in-the-browser Internet threat which infects a web browser by modifying or inserting data complexly invisible to both the user and host web application
mcclim an open source implementation of the Common Lisp Interface Manager specification, a powerful toolkit for writing GUIs in Common Lisp.
maxmertkit a Russian CSS framework based on a widget-modifier coding style.
material-design-xaml null
mathdotnet-symbolics a basic open source computer algebra library for .Net and Mono written in F#.
modeling-view a concept of SAP HANA
mmf null
mmsc null
mo+ a model oriented programming language
modula-3 a systems programming language that descends from Mesa, Modula-2, Cedar, and Modula-2+
modgrammar a general-purpose library for constructing language parsers and interpreters using context-free grammar definitions in Python.
mlterm null
mldv2 null
mkdropdownmenu null
mindbreeze a high-performance, versatile enterprise search product and big data solution for all of a company’s data sources.
mini.css a minimal, pure CSS front-end framework designed to help develop modern web apps and websites.
mini2dx null
mimer-sql a relational database management system .
monstra a modern and lightweight Content Management System.
moreutils a Linux package with a set of command line tools
moq-rt a mocking framework for Windows Store/WinRT test applications, and is a reimplementation of Moq which is available for the regular .NET framework.
mpusbapi API for Microchip's MCHPUSB driver.
mpo MPO files or Extended Multi-Picture files contain multiple JPEG images, alongside accompanying metadata.
mqtt-vernemq null
nlog-elmah null
nnapi an Android C API designed for running computationally intensive operations for machine learning on mobile devices.
node-etl Extract, Transform and Load Data from between homogeneous or heterogeneous data sources within Node.js applications.
node.js-repl null
node8.4 A JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine.
no-root null
nose-selenium null
nservicebus-pipeline null
nsdmanager null
oai-pmh null
objc2j an open-source library tool that translates Objective-C code to Java for the PC platform.
nya-bs-select null
nucleon a database administration program with a consistent and modern interface.
nupicker null
nuget.core null
n-vbc null
nsitemproviderreading null
nstextfinder null
nsmenuitemcell a class that handles the measurement and display of a single menu item in its encompassing frame
nstore A simple in-process key/value document store for node.js.
ntag21x NTAG213, NTAG215 and NTAG216 are designed to fully comply to NFC Forum Type 2 Tag and ISO/IEC14443 Type A specifications.
neurosky null
neverfocus null
new-api null
new-modifier null
neon-elements for flashy transitions and animations.
neo-crypto a blockchain currency with a public ledger
nelmioapidocbundle null
needle4j a DI testing framework that automatically injects mocks but also allows custom configuration of injected beans for more control in i-test setups
needle-python a python library for testing your CSS with Selenium and nose.
nectarjs null
nammu Runtime Permission Helper for Android M.
mutool null
mvc null
multipath null
myspin mySPIN allows you to operate smartphone apps through a vehicle’s touch screen, controller or steering wheel control.
mygui a library for creating Graphical User Interfaces for games and 3D applications.
mwapi null
mvxappcompatactivity null
myappconverter null
mystic null
mzn2fzn null
mysql-if null
ibmmqcloud IBMMQCloud refers to any IBM implementation of MQ in the cloud
ibm-data-db2 null
ibm-data-db2-core null
ibm-css IBM Content Search Services
ibm-data-refinery null
ibm-hotspot null
ibm-directory-server null
ibm-enterprise-records null
ibm-certificate-manager null
ibm-case-foundation null
hubic-api a storage service proposed by OVH, which is accessible via the internet, through which the users can share data within their private domain.
hubarcode a Python Library to generate 1D and 2D Barcodes.
hubtile Related to the Windows Phone HubTile control from the lastest version of Silverlight
hubpress web application for building blogs on github
httputility null
httpuv httpuv provides low-level socket and protocol support for handling HTTP and WebSocket requests directly from within R
hoodiecrow a scriptable IMAP server for client integration testing
html2latex A Perl script to convert a properly formatted HTML file into a properly formatted LaTeX file
html5-clipboard-api The HTML5 Clipboard API enables web applications to interact with the host clipboard.
html-react-parser null
hg4idea null
hg-merge a Mercurial command used for merging revisions into working directory
hippybot a HipChat bot written in Python with a simple plugin API.
hitex null
hlua a Rust library which provides a high-level interface with Lua.
hoedown a revived fork of Sundown, the Markdown parser based on the original code of the Upskirt library by Natacha Porté.
homepod a smart speaker announced by Apple in June 2017, with first deliveries in February 2018.
helix-dna-server a universal delivery engine supporting the real time packetization and network transmission of any media type to any device.
herman null
haskell-graphql Library for writing type-safe GraphQL services in Haskell
heartview null
haskell-katip null
helcim-gateway null
ijobfactory if your question is about IJobFactory interface or IJob class of Quartz Enterprise Scheduler .NET
iis-response-compression null
iipimage null
ilgpu null
imagesquish a standalone service that resizes your images on the fly.
ice-validation Process of running Internal Consistency Evaluators on database to examine its contents
ice-js track changes functionality into javascript
icd10 null
icebreak for building web apps on the iSeries & AS/400 server platform
icalcreator PHP class to help parse/generate RFC5545 ics files
igdatasource Client-side data source provided by Ignite UI.
insightedge used to discuss questions on an open source HTAP workload solution called InsightEdge
implementedby Question related to the annotation `@ImplementedBy` - which is used to bind an implementation to an interface in Google Guice for dependency injection.
implementation-agnostic For concerns over ensuring code will work regardless of the implementation of the language, interpreter, standard, etc
information-protection null
git-namespaces null
git-repair null
github-release null
generategenerator Any question related to the usage or to the implementation of a « Generate generator » should be tagged `generategenerator`
generated-always null
generator-sql to be merged with by novices
generic-exception null
geo-schema Uniform Resource Identifier for geographic locations using the 'geo' scheme name.
go-ast null
gnostice-pdf-one a versatile PDF component suite for .NET developers to implement PDF-related tasks in their applications
gnu-lightning null
gmsl GMSL stands for GNU Make Standard Library and contains many useful functions for use in Makefiles.
gmelius null
gl-types null
glue-framework a PHP micro-framework
google-maps-location-sharing null
gwl null
handjs a polyfill for supporting pointer events on every browser.
hapi-auth-cookie null
handyjson an open-source Swift JSON-object serialization/deserialization library created by Alibaba.
gulp-bump Bump npm versions with Gulp
guix GNU Guix, a functional package management tool written for the GNU system.
gulp-spellcheck a gulp plugin for spell-checking with GNU Aspell.
gulp-npm-test null
gulp-node-inspector null
grunt-angular-templates null
grpc-web null
gradle-swagger-generator-plugin null
gradle-spoon-plugin null
gradle-scala Use on topics covering the use of Gradle to build Scala projects.
gradle-plugin-dsl null
gradle-appengine-plugin null
gradle-application-plugin null
graclj a Clojure plugin for Gradle's software model.
grace-ioc null
gpu-virtualization null
google-noto null
google-natural-language null
groovy-2.3 Groovy 2.3
groovy-ldap Apache Directory Groovy LDAP
grounding null
groundy a simplified way to execute asynchronous / background tasks on Android Platform, specially useful for running tasks that must be executed even if your activities are rotated or even quited.
grafana-alerts null
episerver-5 null
eperl ePerl interprets an ASCII file bristled with Perl 5 program statements by evaluating the Perl 5 code while passing through the plain ASCII data.
envoyproxy null
envision.js a library for creating fast, dynamic and interactive HTML5 visualizations.
episerver-relate+ an add-on module to EPiServer CMS which, in combination, gives you a complete social platform for your website.This allows you to turn a static site into a thriving community.
epochx an open source genetic programming framework
epytext To be used with programming questions that uses epytext markup language.
eqv null
erector A builder-like widget html generation framework for Ruby.
eremetic A framework for Apache Mesos to run one-off tasks in Docker
emir null
embos a priority-controlled real time operating system, designed to be used as foundation for the development of embedded real-time applications.
emmake null
empageviewcontroller null
empire-db a relational database abstraction layer and data persistence component that allows developers to take a much more SQL-centric approach in application development than traditional O…
emacs-dirtree null
emacs22 null
engrade null
expect-ct null
exonum an extensible open-source framework for creating blockchain applications.
exopackage a small shell of an Android app that contains the minimal code and resources needed to bootstrap loading the code for a full-fledged Android application.
exoskeleton.js a faster and leaner Backbone for HTML5 apps.
exmachina null
export-csv null
ezswiftextensions About the Swift Extension library found here: https://github.com/goktugyil/EZSwiftExtensions
ez-letter A document format developed by ABA, Inc
extreme-optimization Extreme Optimization Numerical Libraries for .NET is a commercial math and statistics package for the .NET framework.
evernote-cloud-sdk-ios null
everlaw-plugin This plugin enables Typescript development in the Netbeans IDE
event.user-interaction null
eval-paste Evaluating a clipboard object in Clojure.
dynamicmvc Dynamic MVC drastically reduces the amount of time it takes to produce a data-centric MVC application
dynamics-crm-odata for questions related to Dynamics CRM OData endpoint - Organzation Data service .
d-templates D's approach to generic programming
dtsignalflag an Apple Cocoa-Touch/Cocoa function for programmatically adding flags to Instruments.
dupfinder a free command line tool by JetBrains
drupal-spam The Spam module provides numerous tools to auto-detect and deal with spam content that is posted to your site, without having to rely on third-party services.
dslcalendarview An iOS control that displays a calendar similar to the system calendar
dry-rb null
dspace-ecu a tag to be used for questions relating to dSPACE GmbH's portfolio
dragonfly-mail-agent a Mail Transfer Agent originating from DragonFly BSD; use this tag, do not use the dma tag, which is not related to dma from DragonFly
drawatpoint an UIImage method used to draw an image at the specified point using the custom composing options.This method draws the entire image in the current graphics context,respecting the image…
ecstatic A simple static file server middleware that works with both Express and Flatiron
ectjs JavaScript template engine with embedded CoffeeScript syntax
dynastyjs a simple Amazon DynamoDB client for Nodejs
e164 null
dynet a library for dynamic neural networks and deep learning
eaglehorn MVC Framework for PHP web Application
editingstate Enumerates the possible states of editing an expression in an expression text box.
ellipsize null
elm-webpack-loader null
elixir-flow null
elidable A scala annotation for methods whose bodies may be excluded from compiler-generated bytecode.
freecap a program for transparency redirect connections from programs through SOCKS server.
freebuilder null
franz-lisp A Lisp system based largely on the MacLisp dialect.
framelog a free change logging library for Entity Framework
framejs a flow control library and script loader for Javascript applications
formlets a way of building HTML forms that are type-safe, handle errors, abstract and are easy to combine into bigger forms.
format-number null
forge-api-nodejs-client null
fluent-http a very capable web stack based on SimpleFramework HTTP server
fluent-http-client null
flutter-dependencies null
fluent.ribbon a library that implements an Office-like user interface for the Windows Presentation Foundation .
fltkhs null
flowcode a visual programming language for embedded devices.
flocker null
flonum an inexact real number that is implemented as a floating-point number
gce-persistent-disk null
gac-32 32 bit Global Assembly Cache.
gac-64 64 bit Global Assembly Cache.
gaap Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
g3 null
fzn2smt null
gedmo-tree null
function-invocation null
frink null
freya a functional-style web programming stack for F#.
fastfile null
fermi A microarchitecture for GPUs by nVIDIA, released in 2010, following the Tesla preceding the Kepler microarchitectures.
feedtools a simple ruby library for handling rss/atom/cdf parsing, generation, and translation as well as caching.
fgsl Fortran wrapper for GSL
ffmpeg.js A library which provides FFmpeg builds ported to JavaScript using Emscripten project
ffmpeg-3.1.4 null
false-language an esoteric programming language designed by Wouter van Oortmerssen, named after his favorite Boolean value.
fakeo Fake Object data population for .NET.
fake-function-framework null
fable Fable -- a FORTRAN 77 to C++ convertor.
filestyle null
fileatime null
field-services null
filter-run-excluding null
flash-selenium Writing and running functional tests for Flash with Selenium.
flash-block a content-filtering extension for Mozilla-based web browsers, such as Firefox.
flame.js a widget/UI library for Ember.js
flacbox a library which allows reading and writing FLAC audio data as WAVE data stream.
flag-go Use for any question relating to flag-go, a golang package for working with command line flags.
fixed-flex-design null
fitlibraryweb a test automation framework based on Fit
spike-arrest null
speechrecognitionengine null
wkhttpcookiestore null
wizrocket null
wixl A WiX-like tool, that builds Windows Installer packages from an XML document, and tries to share the same syntax as the WiX toolset
winrttriggers an CodePlex project for WinRT that allows you to declaratively configure interactions between your UI, view modal and end user.
indirect-display-driver an API introduced with the Windows 10 Anniversary Update intended to allow user-mode drivers to be created that can display content on monitors that are not connec…
ims-tm the transaction-monitor-component of IBM's Information Management System
nchar null
nav-item null
mysql-error-1253 for the MySQL-related error 1253
n-api an API for building native Node.JS Addons
nan-propagation null
dotnetnuke-razor-host used to host Razor scripts on Tabs, or Pages.
doppio null
doorman null
spock-spy null
domokit-mojo an effort to extract a common platform out of Chrome's renderer and plugin processes that can support multiple types of sandboxed content, such as HTML, Pepper, or NaCl.
splunklib null
split-diff null
shovel null
double-compare-and-swap Atomic primitive proposed to support certain concurrent programming techniques
shrinkr a Url Shortening Service which demonstrates some of the best practices in developing real life web applications.
showui A GUI toolkit for PowerShell - a wrapper for Windows Presentation Foundation .
shr GNU emacs elisp Simple HTML Renderer
aws-conversion null
signalr-asp.net-core a rewrite of the original SignalR.
aws-toolkit-eclipse null
aws-vault null
bincode null
binary-bomb null
65816 The 65816, aka 65c816, used in many SNES game cartridges
3d-video null
bio7 An integrated development environment for ecological modelling
biohaskell a Haskell library containing bioinformatics data structures and algorithms
binscope a Microsoft verification tool that analyzes binaries to ensure that they have been built in compliance with Microsoft’s Security Development Lifecycle requirements and recommendation…
mecanim null
mediaview null
sonar-jira The JIRA Sonar Plugin provides a convenient way to integrate the Atlassian project management system with the SonarQube Continuous Inspection platform
sones null
control-charts null
controlflowguard an exploit mitigation technique that prevents bugs from turning into exploits, Microsoft calls this in their C++ compiler.
soqt null
libpfm4 null
libphutil A collection of PHP utility classes used by Phabricator.
libotr an implementation of the Off-the-Record Messaging cryptographic protocol, both created by cryptographers Ian Goldberg and Nikita Borisov.
lib-http An HTTP client/server library for C
libketama a library and logic for consistent hashing.
librarything a cataloging and social networking site for book lovers.
globals-api null
globalize-versioning null
globalstorage a deprecated browser storage API, similar to localStorage
glomosim Global Mobile Information System Simulator is a network protocol simulation software that simulates wireless and wired network systems.
libdbi libdbi implements a database-independent abstraction layer in C, similar to the DBI/DBD layer in Perl
libdl null
glink an emulator for a wide variety of UNIX and mainframe terminals
dynamic-extent null
dxwindow null
dyantree a JavaScript dynamic tree view plugin for jQuery with support for persistence, keyboard, checkboxes, drag'n'drop, and lazy loading.
dynalite null
dvajs null
abstractmethoderror null
80186 The Intel 80186, also known as the iAPX 186, or just 186, is a microprocessor and microcontroller introduced in 1982
8th a modern functional concatenative cross platform closed source language based on forth
abot open source C# web crawler
abceconomics null
compositeitemwriter null
visual-studio-for-mac Please use `visual-studio-mac` tag if you have Visual Studio for Mac related questions.
compression-middleware null
lsc an Open source application to synchronize information about users and other directory entities between an LDAP directory and any data source, including any database with a JDBC connector, anot…
luadec a decompiler for the Lua language.
luciad-aixm-5-viewer a toolkit for AIXM 5 data handling, based on LuciadLightspeed technology
lua-ngx-module null
gkcomponent null
git-trailers null
genext2fs a tool that generates an ext2 filesystem as a normal user
genexus-dbret GeneXus Database Reverse Engineering Tool.
gentics-mesh null
phpgt a collection of web development tools that make up the PHP.Gt WebEngine — a lightweight PHP 7 application development toolkit aimed at streamlining development and respecting web technologie…
phpgt-dom null
phpsmug null
phpsniff PHPSniff provides a fairly comprehensive detection of browser types and settings.
php-odt Covers php to Open Document Format conversion and integration questions, including using the libraries that handle that.
toolstriptextbox null
topcased Toolkit in OPen source for Critical Applications and SystEms Develpment project.
topoedit A visual tool for interactive building and testing topologies for Media Foundation API in Microsoft Windows.
inputformatter null
in-parameters null
clang-plugin Questions regarding Clang Plugins
class-decorator null
clay-css a Haskell EDSL that allows generating CSS rules directly from Haskell.
clazy null
clckwrks a Haskell-based web content management system licensed under BSD3 license.
cld2 null
cldoc an open source clang based document generator.
classifyjs a library that allows for cross browser and cross platform Object Oriented Javascript class definitions using classical inheritance patterns and namespaces behind the prototype syntax o…
classmexer a Java instrumentation agent for measuring the memory usage of Java objects from within an application.
aspmaker an ASP code generator that can generate a full set of ASP quickly from a Microsoft Access Database, SQL Server, or any Data Source that supports ADO
ph-schematron null
php-vcr null
cogcomp null
cogcomp-nlp null
coffeequate a computer algebra system for JavaScript
android-thumbnail refers to small digital graphics or images that serve as previews for a larger version, on the Android platform.
coinnest.co.kr null
android-soong the replacement for the old Android make-based build system
soap4.0 null
expression-blend-2017 null
expression-problem null
snapcontrol a next generation reporting module intended for embedding dynamic data in your rich text documents
smugmug null
snoocore A minimal and complete JavaScript driver for the Reddit API.
snowcrash the reference API Blueprint parser.
collection-radio-buttons null
collectionitemchanged null
gsl-code-generator null
grxml null
grunt-smoosher A grunt task to generate cms friendly documentation of the css and js used in an HTML
grunt-spell A Grunt plugin for spellchecking.
grunt-template-module Precompiles templates to a file and/or expose the templates through a grunt module and supports underscore, lodash and ejs template providers.
mobilejoomla an extension for Joomla sites for displaying them on mobile devices such as iPhone, iPad, Android etc.It supports Joomla! 1.5, 1.6, 1.7, 2.5, 3.0 and 3.1
mobileposse revolutionizing app engagement on the most valuable real estate on mobile phones - the home and lock screens.
mocha-cakes BDD mocha test framework add-on, stories with Cucumber style Given/When/Then syntax for Node.js
mock-aws-s3 a very simple interface that mocks the AWS SDK for Node.js
mobizen a screen recorder for Android that allows users to record, capture, and edit screen recordings.
slim-pdo null
slideshowify a easy-to-use jQuery plugin for generating image slideshows with a Ken Burns Effect, where images which don't fit the screen exactly are cropped and either panned …
grunt-html2js Grunt plugin for converting AngularJS templates to JavaScript
grunt-cucumberjs for the npm package grunt-cucumberjs that can be used to define grunt tasks executing tests with cucumberjs.
skybot an Enterprise Job Scheduling Software for Windows, UNIX, and Linux
skydock Part of the SkyNetService : https://github.com/skynetservices/skydns
slanger null
slack-variable null
skype-trusted-application null
timesyncd null
timing-framework Java library for performing advanced timing functions and animations.
tinifile null
tinymce-4.2 a platform independent web-based JavaScript WYSIWYG HTML editor control released as open source under LGPL.
tinymvc Micro-framework written in PHP that follows the Rails-like interpretation of PAC pattern.
tirexs An Elixir flavored DSL for building JSON based requests to Elasticsearch engine.
tis-100 Assembly language for the fictitious TIS-100 architecture.
mockprivate null
mockitoverify null
mockitowhen null
android-ktx an open source set of Kotlin Extensions which aims to make Kotlin code more simple and clean when developing for the Android Platform
nogotofail An on-path blackbox network traffic security testing tool
nodyn a Node.js compatible framework, running on the JVM powered by the DynJS Javascript runtime.
node-vsphere a Node.js module to connect to VMware vCenter servers and/or ESXi hosts and perform operations using the vSphere Web Services API.
node-stringprep null
nodetime an application performance monitoring and analytics service - an all-round solution for performance profiling, optimization and troubleshooting.
node-save a function used in Drupal to save/update the node details.
node-polyglot null
node-nan null
playbuzz null
pkcs11exception null
plas.io plasio implements point cloud rendering capability in a browser and is currently only available for Chrome.
pkpaymentsummaryitemtypepending null
caveman2 null
ccdproc a python package for reducing astronomical images
cchmac for questions related to Apple's CCHMac HMAC algorithm interfaces.
catchoom-sdk Catchoom Mobile SDK provides image recognition features for iOS and Android systems.
nodejs-nan null
node-mitm Intercept and mock outgoing Node.js network TCP connections and HTTP requests for testing.
ccitt null
ccspeed a class used in Cocos2d game engine
oi-select null
ohttpstubs a Swift-compatible Objective-C library for stubbing network requests
oggenc encoder for ogg format
ogd-wien the official platform for open government data from Vienna
castl CASTL is a tool for compiling JS to Lua.
consolekit null
constraint-grammar a method used in natural language processing for adding/removing/selecting grammatical tags in a giv…
connect-rest CONNECT-REST - Exceptionally featureful Restful web services middleware for connect node.js
api-discovery Questions about the Google API Discovery service
constructor-inheritance For questions about Constructor Inheritance, the Object-Oriented Programming concept that constructors of a subclass must begin by invoking a constructor from the superclass.
ssistester questions about library which helps to test Microsoft SSIS programs
xsl-output null
xptable A highly customized ListView - one that would allow checkboxes and images in any column, ComboBoxes and NumericUpDowns for editing and it had to be easy to swap data in and out.
xpolog-search a platform for management and analysis of log data.
echodot null
echo.js a small JavaScript image lazy-loading library.
easystroke an open source gesture-recognition application for the X Window System
ebay-notifications null
easyar null
prequel a library for creating and handling sql queries in scala
pretty-checkable null
prepack null
rst2html5 null
pretzel null
hyperapp null
hypersync a feature exclusive to PocketWizard radios that allows you to shoot at speeds faster than your cameras X-sync while using studio strobes.
hyperspec null
iblazr Fully synchronized enhancing flash for iPhone, iPad, Android and Windows Phone
ib-api Interactive Brokers Application Program Interface to build customized automated rules-based trading application.
ibm-bluemix null
hypertools HyperTools: A Python toolbox for visualizing and manipulating high-dimensional data + https://github.com/ContextLab/hypertools + https://pypi.python.org/pypi/hypertools + http://hypertools.readth…
sql-med an extension of the SQL designed to manage external data sources.
sqlite-cipher null
mpeg-la a firm based in Denver, Colorado that licenses patent pools covering essential patents required for use of the MPEG-2, MPEG-4 Visual, IEEE 1394, VC-1, ATSC, MVC, MPEG-2 Systems, AVC/H.…
sqlfairy a group of Perl modules that manipulate structured data definitions in various ways.
sqlinq Easily generate ad-hoc SQL code using LINQ in a strongly typed manner that allows for compile time validation of sql scripts.
sql-interactive-mode Emacs major mode to use an SQL interpreter interactively.
sqlpp11 null
humhub a free and open source social network software coded on top of the Yii PHP framework that provides an easy to use toolkit for creating and launching an own social network.
movefile null
mpay24 null
moviemasher a collection of open source projects that add video editing capabilities to your website.
mozapps null
moxiemocks an alternative Java mocking library
motorola-fx7400 null
motion-game a cross-platform mobile game engine for RubyMotion
motorcycle to tag questions related to the statically-typed, functional and reactive framework Motorcycle.
webpack-dll null
webpack-resolver null
webpack-ignore-loader null
webrx a browser-based MVVM-Framework that combines functional-reactive programming with declarative Data-Binding, Templating and Client-Side Routing.
webresourcerequest null
webresourceresponse null
flingo a Smart TV apps publishing company, co-founded in 2008 by early employees of BitTorrent.
webmagic A scalable web crawler framework for Java
web-oriented-architecture an architectural sub style of service-oriented architecture that integrates systems and users via a web of globally linked hypermedia based on the architecture of the Web
brain-socket NOTE: BrainSocket is ideal for heavier front-end development .
bpn Business process networks , also referred to as business service networks or business process hubs, enable the efficient execution of multi-enterprise operational processes, including supply chai…
boxcryptor null
bpgsql Barebones pure-python PostGreSQL client
boxinsetlayout a more advanced and flexible version of WatchViewStub
foundation-sticky for issues related with Foundation plugin named Sticky.
fragment-theme null
ad-delivery the technical mechanism by which banners are inserted onto a page.
adipoli a simple jQuery plugin used to bring stylish image hover effects.
adminfaces null
adequate-record A part of rails active record that caches fragments of SQL for improved performance
forward-testing A forward-testing is a systematic approach to review & validate a quality of a System-under-Test , observed indirectly by…
fotoware a provider of Digital Asset Management software
forown null
secureobject null
searchui null
search-snippet highlighted parts of documents returned by search engine
scrapy-extension null
scpt null
scribe-js a lightweight NodeJS Logging library
nunjucks-loader null
rtts RTTS allows to get the definition of variables or to create them during program execution
ruby-crate null
ruby-box RubyBox provides a simple, chainable, feature-rich client for Box's 2.0 API.
nuiton a set of libraries and tools related to Java development.
ruby-dotenv null
numeraljs A javascript library for formatting and manipulating numbers.
numeral-system A writing system for expressing numbers
graphql-mutation null
graph-store-protocol null
scriptedbrowser Hosted Selenium scripts to monitor your website with real browser activity.
grappa a Java software package allowing you to create parsers at runtime from grammars coded entirely in Java
grav-plugin The grav-plugin provides an easy-to-use web-based user interface to configure and operate Grav on a daily basis
greenkeeper Greenkeeper monitors and automatically updates npm dependencies for GitHub projects
gridless-boilerplate An HTML5 and CSS3 boilerplate for making mobile first responsive, cross-browser websites
gridifier a tool to build a responsive grid framework for modern websites.
flask-autoindex Flask-AutoIndex generates an index page for your Flask application automatically.
gridpak a grid system designed for use in responsive projects.
flex-paging a one-way communications protocol using FSK modulation
uiimagepickercontrollermediatype null
uiimagview null
mageui A Windows-based UI for the Manifest Generation and Editing Tool
maghead a pure PHP database framework
magic-chunks The task used within continuous deployment scenarios for mutating configuration files.
magic-css Magic CSS3 - CSS3 Animations with special effects by miniMAC
magick-r-package The magick package: Advanced Image-Processing in R
uifocusenvironment null
uiawindow The UIAWindow class allows access to, and control of, your app’s window elements.
uiapopover The UIAPopover class provides methods for accessing and manipulating popovers and the elements they contain.
kmem a character device file that is used to examine the system
kiwi-syslogs null
kiwi-template Simple yet powerful asynchronous JavaScript template engine based on jQuery Template syntax, usable server-side or client-side.
kix used for mail sorting by the postal service of the Netherlands, Koninklijke TNT Post
kizeoforms null
kics2 a new implementation of the multi-paradigm declarative language Curry
kinetica null
mailchimp-export-api-1.0 null
idbobjectstore part of the JavaScript IndexedDB API for browsers
icu.net null
icviewpager ICViewPager creates sliding tabs for iOS Apps.
multi-protocol Use to mention the capacity of working with more than one communication protocol for sending/receiving the same type of message.
multi-source-replication null
munq an IoC container for .NET
munsell-color-space null
muon null
sprinkle a ruby tool that automates the installation of software packages that makes installing and configuring a suite of software onto a server a few step affair.
sprinklr an enterprise Social Media Management System
jquery-attribute-equals A jquery selector that selects elements that the specified attribute with a value exactly equal to a certain value.
jquery-checktree a jQuery plugin, written for jQuery 1.2.6, that allows you to easily turn a standard ordered list into hierarchical tree that is both check-able and collapse-able.
java-directives null
javac-compiler-plugin For questions about the API for creating javac compiler plugins provided since Java 8
java-aot null
java-libpst null
java-in-oracle null
unitizer Questions about the unitizer R unit testing framework.
unique-transaction-identifier null
universalprofile null
unlifting null
unity-mvc null
systemd-journal-upload null
datepickr.js a simple JavaScript date picker with no external dependencies
nscollectionviewflowlayout null
nsdataasset null
npm-view null
npm-list null
nowin Fast and scalable Owin Web Server in pure .Net 4.5
nova-hypervisor-show Display the details of the specified hypervisor.
autolinker.js Use for questions related to the Autolinker.js library.
automaticzenrule null
automation-for-jira For questions about the Automation for JIRA add-on by Code Barrel.
vs-everywhere the Eclipse and JetBrains IDE plugin for integration with Microsoft Team Foundation Server and Visual Studio Team Services.
vs.php PHP IDE for Visual Studio
dat-project a grant-funded, open-source, decentralized data sharing tool for efficiently versioning and syncing changes to data.
dbcontextoptions null
dbi-profile The DBI::Profile module provides a simple interface to collect and report performance and benchmarking data from the DBI.
dbsmasq null
db-solo a cross-platform database development and management tool with support for all major DBMS products
facebook-target-audience null
facebook-in-app-notifications null
vtex null
vsprolog a Visual Studio extension that adds syntax coloring to prolog source code files.
vsts-branch-policy null
vsts-services null
vsts-sync-migrator identify question that result from using or running the VSTS Sync Migration tooling from https://github.com/nkdAgility/vsts-sync-migration
cthreads C11 introduces native threading.
c-treeace null
csvtools a FREE collection of development tools designed for 32-bit Microsoft Access.
csvfix a command-line stream editor specifically designed to deal with CSV data http://neilb.bitbucket.org/csvfix/manual/csvfix16/csvfix.html
sbee SBEE - SAP Smart Business, executive edition is an application for building enterprise dashboards.
docker-onbuild for questions on the onbuild commands in docker.
docker-gen null
docker-env null
docker-cleanup null
scalalab A MATLAB like environment for Scala
sbt-sonatype null
dmstoolkit This represents any topic related to the DMS Software Reengineering Toolkit.
design-pattern-builder null
doby-grid stand-alone module for rendering a dynamic, data-driven grid
dependency-validation null
deployment-risk-analytics an IBM Bluemix service that collects and analyzes the results from test tools and other monitoring tools
desfire-ev2 null
phamlp Haml and Sass have been used in Ruby for sometime to simplify templates and make CSS more intelligent, flexible and manageable ; now they come to PHP in PHamlP
org-expiry null
pflag-go Use for questions regarding pflag-go, a drop-in replacement for flag-go, the golang package for working with command line flags.
perspective-shell a scalable multi-cloud management API and shell.
persistent-parameter-plugin null
osmbonuspack null
osray null
os-svc-daemon openstack component to enable openstack service work as daemon
ostatus an open standard for distributed status updates.
ossec null
application-extension null
application-level-proxy A form of firewall which controls input, output, and/or access from, to, or by an application or service
application-process null
osmnx a Python package for downloading administrative boundary shapes and street networks from OpenStreetMap.It allows you to easily construct, project, visualize, and analyze complex street networ…
go-statement Signals the end of a batch of Transact-SQL statements to the SQL Server utilities.
gorouter Questions around go router component functionality in Cloud foundry.
google-webdriver a clean, fast framework for automated testing of webapp.
google-timeline-chart null
google-tone null
applicative-lifting null
action-bar-navigation A primary toolbar within the activity that may display the activity title, application-level navigation affordances, and other interactive items
foogallery Foo Gallery allows for better image gallery management within WordPress
forceunwrap null
follow-readable-width null
angular-httpclient-interceptors null
angular-google-places null
joget Open Source Workflow Software and Business Process Management Software
joinrowset null
jnario a framework for writing executable specifications for Java.
jmetal an object-oriented Java-based framework for multi-objective optimization with metaheuristics.
jminix A simple embeddable restful JMX console.
result-object An object that contains multiple values for use in languages that only support single return types when the need exists to return multiple values
restfuse a java-based unit test library for Rest services.
restful.js null
go-graceful For questions about the Go 1.3+ package by tylerb, available on GitHub.
go-font null
go-moq null
goodylabs null
google-api-ads-ruby an Ads API Client Libraries for Ruby
google-api-timezone The Google Time Zone API provides a simple interface to request the time zone for a location on the earth, as well as that location's time offset from UTC.
google-api-elixir-client null
usb2can null
urwigo for easy creation of adventure games that are played outdoors using GPS or smart phones equipped with GPS module.
urweb null
url-rewrite-module-2 null
gpu-cooperative-groups null
gpu-perfstudio GPU PerfStudio integrates four tools that are key for the contemporary graphics developer: a frame debugger, a frame profiler, a shader debugger, and an API trace.
urlconnectionloader null
semantic-ui-redux-form-fields semantic-ui-redux-form-fields is QA tag for the project of the same name
seport null
pdf-java-toolkit Native Java library for mission critical automated PDF workflows originally developed as part of Adobe LiveCycle and made available to third-party developers by Datalogics.
pdfdocumentprocessor null
pdf-checker null
typescript-linq an implementation of the standard LINQ operators defined by Microsoft, in TypeScript
typescript-starter-kit null
self-organization null
sellvana an open source eCommerce platform.
typehints null
typedjs null
typecs an Eclipse IDE plugin for the TypeScript language with support for code completion, code navigation, compilation and debugging, among others.
peer-dependencies null
pee give the output which comes before a pipe parallely to multiple commands following pee
pebl PEBL
pecl-dio PHP extension for direct I/O functions.
pecl-ev A PHP extension for libev library.
mapi-audiocopy The Sonoma Wire Works AudioCopy/AudioPaste SDK is a standard for Copy/Paste features for audio in iOS.
mapi-audiopaste The Sonoma Wire Works AudioCopy/AudioPaste SDK is a standard for Copy/Paste features for audio in iOS.
pegex Pegex - Acmeist PEG Parser Framework
markdown-it null
mapwingis for questions about the MapWinGIS open source ActiveX component.
maptitude a GIS system with both a COM/.NET capable API and built-in macro language
android-analytics null
android-chrome refers to the Google Chrome browser version for the Android platform.
vimoutliner an outline processor with many of the same features as Grandview, More, Thinktank, Ecco, etc
viewkit null
recyclerview null
recursive-templates null
vimrunner library to control a vim instance through ruby code
vim-snipmate A Vim plugin that implements some of TextMate's snippets features in Vim.
recovery-testing the activity of testing how well an application is able to recover from crashes, hardware failures and other similar problems.
rector-php null
redis2.8 Version 2.8 of the open source, advanced key-value store Redis.
redhat-rhoar For development issues encountered while using Red Hat OpenShift Application Runtimes
redhat-datagrid For development issues encountered while using Red Hat JBoss Data Grid
redhat-client null
audio-seekbar null
audiolet A JavaScript library for real-time audio synthesis and composition from within the browser
pandas-highcharts null
panfs The PanFS storage operating system delivers great flexibility in its support for multiple protocol access, suitable for a diversity of customers, applications and users.
paper-android null
panoply null
parameter-list null
parallel-requests null
paralleltry evaluates in parallel, returning the first result received.
parameters-limit null
servr An R package that creates
servicestack-ioc Custom IoC framework used by ServiceStack for Dependency Inversion.
service-send-event null
sessioncookiepath null
lodepng Questions regarding the lodepng library.
log4jna a library of native appenders for log4j
fish-esolang an esoteric programming language with code organized in a two-dimensional pattern and data stored in stacks.
firefox-aurora pre-Beta build of Firefox browser.
firefox11 Version 11 of the Mozilla Firefox browser
firm-real-time A classification of real-time where infrequent deadline misses are tolerable, but may degrade system quality, and a result received after its deadline is considered not useful.
firefox-sync Mozilla Firefox synchronization feature that allows users to partially synchronize bookmarks, browsing history, preferences, passwords, filled forms, add-ons, and opened tabs across multiple computers…
fireos null
fire-sharp null
log4d a logging framework for Embarcadero Delphi, based on the Apache log4j package
logcapture null
logger.net null
logify null
logmx a cross-platform tool made for developers and administrators who analyze log files
hscolor null
hpet a hardware timer used in personal computers
host-remapping null
hostexplorer Use for questions about writing macros for Hummingbird/OpenText HostExplorer
horde3d a small open source 3D rendering engine.
redox-os For questions specific to the Redox operating system.
hopscotch-language null
fastnetmon null
windows-package-manager The Windows Package Manager, inbuilt into Windows 10 and available on older Windows releases
atom-php null
atom-server null
atom-haskell null
ngx-http-autoindex-module null
ngx-meta null
instar An R package to access the Instagram API.
instantsearch For Algolia InstantSearch libraries issues and questions.
fbide One of the most popular and oldest editors for the FreeBASIC programming language.
fbnotifications null
intellij-elixir Questions related to using the Elixir language binding with IntelliJ
intellij-icls the file extension for IntelliJ Platform color scheme files
intellij-annotations Annotations from the IntelliJ IDE.
intellij-10 a popular IDE by JetBrains
htmltools null
pushstream nginx push stream module
puz File type for electronic crossword puzzle
pushmobi a cross platform push messaging service for mobile applications.
httpbl a system that allows website administrators to take advantage of the data generated by Project Honey Pot in order to keep suspicious and malicious web robots off their sites.
httpclientandroidlib a repackaging of HttpClient 4.3.1 for Android.
purechat null
pugs an implementation of Perl 6, written in Haskell
treefrog-framework a high-speed and full-stack C++ framework for developing Web applications, which supports HTTP and WebSocket protocol.
transparency.js A Javascript library to bind data to the DOM
treesort a sort algorithm that builds a binary search tree from the elements to be sorted, and then traverses the tree so that the elements come out in sorted order.
treelib null
treescale null
rails-traceroute A gem for detecting unused routes and controller actions in Rails applications
httpify For question related to Node.js module httpify.
random-js A random number generator library for JavaScript, inspired primarily by C++11's <random>
random-beans null
rainerscript a scripting language designed for processing events and messages, and configuring event processors
rake-nlt null
testbox null
test-refactoring a process of refining test scripts to make it easier to read, and more importantly, easier to maintain.
texdoctk A Perl/Tk-based GUI for easy ac­cess to pack­age doc­u­men­ta­tion for TEX on Unix platforms.
transformmanager A library for adding interactive scaling/rotating/moving of DisplayObjects to a Flash or Flex application
qgraphicseffect null
qgit Graphical frontend for the Git version control system.
qactiongroup a class from the Qt Toolkit which groups actions together.
qcplayground a browser-based WebGL Chrome Experiment
qexception The QException class provides a base class for exceptions that can transferred across threads.
cortado a streaming applet for Ogg formats, allowing all Java-enabled web browsers to playback Ogg audio and video formats.
corrupted-content-error null
cortex-m0+ null
couchdb-lite an ultra-lightweight, reliable, secure JSON database built for online/offline mobile application needs.
pytrilinos a set of python wrappers for selected Trilinos packages.
pyzt null
pyxmpp2 `Jabber/XMPP` implementation on `python` programming language
camlistore a set of open source formats, protocols, and software for modeling, storing, searching, sharing and synchronizing data in the post-PC era
cannyjs null
capsh Capability shell wrapper
iris-framework null
iris-go null
struts2-actionflow-plugin A Struts2 plugin for creating multi-page wizards .
struts-layout Questions regarding the third-party Struts Layout JSP tag library.
struts2-jsr303-plugin A JSR-303 Bean Validation Plugin for Struts2
studioshell StudioShell allows you to Interact with Visual Studio via PowerShell.
request-monitor null
requestidlecallback an experimental alternative to setTimeout for running a callback when only when the browser is not busy
repositorytools null
git2-rs null
gigglejs a JavaScript library for XMPP, implementation of XEP-0166
gimli a utility for converting markup to pdf files
ggnetwork null
ggspatial An R package to plot the spatial data and create maps, which is specifically designed to work with data in the Spatial* objects.
batch-drawing A way of making the drawing much faster by using batch drawing to draw everything at once.
imageset intended to be used for the image-set notation of CSS.
bck2brwsr a JVM Bytecode-to-JavaScript engine supporting runtime, which makes it possible to run Java in the browser without a plugin.
bcoin null
batch-query null
bbc-tal null
minmatch null
beautify-ios a framework that enhances Apple's UIKit controls, re-rendering them to give you much more control over their visual appearance.
beanstalk-maven-plugin a wrapper for the Amazon Beanstalk API for usage from Maven Projects.
liveleak null
llmnr Protocol based on the Domain Name System packet format that allows both IPv4 and IPv6 hosts to perform name resolution for hosts on the same local link.
llvm-3.1 The llvm package contains a collection of modular and reusable compiler and toolchain technologies.
anko-component null
anndata null
annex-k null
annotation-introspector Abstract class that defines API used for introspecting annotation-based configuration for serialization and deserialization
annotate-asset-pipeline an Asset Pipeline module that provides annotations for dependency injection to allow AngularJS JavaScript or CofeeScript files to be minified in Gradle and Grail…
annoy null
announcementnotification null
ansi-sparc ANSI-SPARC Architecture, an abstract design standard for Database Management Systems
ant-radio-service a low powered wireless communication interface available on Android Devices
aol-desktop null
aodl AODL stands for , and is a .NET library for manipulating ODF format documents
gyazowin the windows version of the application Gyazo
gwt-preprocessor a reflection implementation for GWT.
h2reg a command-line utility used to Register/Unregister MS Help 2.x Collections: Namespaces, Titles, Plug-ins and Filters
habitus a standalone build flow tool for Docker created and maintained by Cloud 66
hackmd a multi-user editor that uses Markdown
opensmtpd An open-source implementation of the server-side SMTP protocol
open-shader-language null
openstudio null
openstack-multi-region a **mode**, where each site will be deployed with independent OpenStack instance
openstack-trove null
hamlit a high performance Haml Implementation, with some limitations by design for performance gains.
hake Like ruby's rake, hake has Hakefiles which is Haskell source
halium null
filectime null
filenet-idm null
filenet-p8-fdm FileNet Deployment Manager
filenet-visual-workflo null
filenet-bpf null
tungus Mongoose driver for TingoDB embedded database
adnroid-memory-profiler null
tstringdynarray a dynamic array with String elements.
themify-icons null
tfstate null
thinlet a GUI toolkit, a single Java class, parses the hierarchy and properties of the GUI, handles user interaction, and calls business logic.
threads.h C++11 Threads support library
three-star-program null
wddatepicker a plugin for the jQuery library which make it easy to enter dates into web forms
uiss an iOS library that provides a way to define the style of an application
jdal an open source Java library that aims to help developers making database applications easily
jd-cmd a command line Java decompiler.
jcp null
jcookies null
jccd The Java Code Clone Detection API allows to implement individual code clone detectors.
jchronic a natural language date parsing library for Java, ported from Ruby's chronic.
ultimategrid null
umbrellajs a tiny library for DOM manipulation, events and AJAX
umbraco-webforms Umbraco allows you to use Razor to build your views but offers two flavours
sinon-lolex null
modx-template-varaiables customisable fields that can be associated to a template
modx-user-groups used by MODX to define permissions.
simplesem null
high-resolution-time A W3C-approved JavaScript API that provides time information with sub-millisecond resolution, and is unaffected by adjustments to the system clock.
simscript a free-form, English-like general-purpose simulation language.
mongo-dart a tag for mongodb driver for DART programming language
money-php PHP library implementing Martin Fowler's Money pattern.
objecthandles An ActionScript 3 library to enable user movement & resizing of components
mongoose-crate null
mongomatic A MongoDB super-set that adds nice features over the traditional Ruby Driver
mongolitedt An extension to the mongolite package that implements faster find and aggregate methods.
mongoid2 Version 2 of Mongoid, an Object-Document-Mapper for MongoDB with Ruby
openmole OpenMOLE workflow engine.
opennaas an open source platform for provisioning network resources
openrpt a GUI-driven report generator application for PostgreSQL and other databases.
openqa null
openpdf a freeware and open-source tool for viewing and modifying PDF documents and other PDF objects.
swiftybeaver null
swiftycam null
swiftymarkdown null
swipecontrol null
etcd-operator null
espeasy an opensource firmware for ESP8266 hardware, it allow to easily configure connected sensors
este.js null
estraverse null
escape-server Escape server: a server designed to run as ruby web server.
symfony-3.6 null
symfony-config-component null
symfony-dependency-injection null
symfony-eventdispatcher a Symfony Component provides tools that allow your application components to communicate with each other by dispatching events and listening to them.
response400 null
sygic-maps Embed Sygic Javascript Map into your web or mobile solution and experience the state of the art design powered by our top-notch algorithms and technologies
sygic-mobile-sdk the library which provides you with the possibility to integrate Sygic navigation into your custom application for mobile devices
sybase-bcp used to export or import data from or SAP / Sybase Adaptive Server Enterprise databases to a data file in a user-specified format.
switch-to null
swissql SwisSQL offers productive database migration tools for stored procedure migration, SQL migration, and data migration.
sws SITA Web Services provides access to SITA’s host systems via a standard API which is based on a set of structured messages
zenpen a minimal text editor, made to stay out of the way while you get the words down.
zeroclipboard-1.x Questions specifically about ZeroClipboard 1.x, instead of 2.x.
zerocloud an integration of ZeroVM with OpenStack Swift
zen-mode null
zengge a manufacturer of wifi and Bluetooth LED light bulbs.
zinnia-author null
arrow-kt a library for Typed Functional Programming in Kotlin, http://arrow-kt.io
err-na null
error-chain null
eroom an online project collaboration software product from EMC Corporation.
zspace a technology firm based in Sunnyvale, California that creates mixed reality systems that combine elements of virtual and augmented reality in a computer
zoe an open source tool for generating spritesheet images and frame data from SWF files, and part of the CreateJS suite.
zipfoundation a library to create, read and modify ZIP archive files written in Swift.
zipunit a small open-source .Net library for comparing zip files, aimed mainly at integration tests.
zlib-conduit a Haskell conduit filter package for zlib/gzip compression
pyth a golfing language based on Python created by Programming Puzzles and Code Golf user Isaacg
pytch-sdk The mobile advertising platform for Health, Fitness & Lifestyle App Developers
pystan The Python Interface to Stan
pysipp very basic Python SIP Implementation
pysmt null
pyro.ai Probabilistic Programming framework for Python.
deepsql Issues and questions pertaining to the DeepSQL plugin from Deep Information Sciences
default-interface null
nsrails a light-weight Objective-C framework that provides your classes with a high-level, ActiveResource-like API
nssecuretextfield null
deferred-binding Use only for questions relating to Google's GWT compiler.
deferred-buffer one whose value is used at some time after it is specified in a function call.
dropboxdropins null
arr-3.0 should be about topics specifically related to Microsoft's IIS Application Request Routing version 3
armchair null
arj A software tool designed for creating high-efficiency compressed file archives.
drobo data and network storage devices
xml-auditfile-financial null
xlworkbook null
xinha a WYSIWYG HTML editor component that works in all current browsers
xgminer null
xflr5 an analysis tool for airfoils, wings and planes operating at low Reynolds Numbers.
ontopia an open source suite of tools for building applications based on Topic Maps, providing features like an ontology designer, an instance data editor, a full-featured query language, web servi…
mitigation-policies null
mitoseek null
mix-docker null
mixamo for asking Mixamo character and animation related questions.
opdispatch In the D programming language member names not found in a class or struct can be forwarded to a template function named `opDispatch` for resolution
open-banking Bank as a platform - The Open Bank Project is the leading Open Source API and App store for banks.
string.js for question about `string.js` library that provides extra String methods
storemagic null
open-components null
opencomputers a mod that adds computers and robots into the game that can be programmed in Lua 5.2.
stormrunner-functional For questions related to Micro Focus's cloud based functional testing solution, StormRunner Functional
boost-interval intended to help manipulating mathematical intervals
chef-omnibus null
tac null
react-admin the 2.0 upgrade of admin-on-rest that is renamed to react-admin to emphasize the fact that it can now adapt to any type of backend.
reactable null
rc-tree a popular React Component library for creating tree components.
rdlx the file extension for a ActiveReports reporting tool.
react-dc null
workwithplus the Pattern leader of the GeneXus community
world-state null
pymdown null
pyre2 a Python extension that wraps Google’s RE2 regular expression library.
pyramid-of-doom null
pypputeer null
pypfop Document preprocessor for Apache FOP - Python port.
ryz a statically typed object-oriented programming language for the JVM.
tag-dispatching null
taip the Trimble Ascii Interface Protocol, a protocol for communicating with GPS devices over a serial port.
rxjs-scheduler null
rxkmeans null
rxphp null
rx-ruby The Reactive Extensions for Ruby is a set of libraries to compose asynchronous and event-based programs using observable collections and Enumerable module style composition in Ruby
rxdos an MS-DOS clone whose source is publicly available, although its use appears to be restricted.
rx-gesture null
rust-crypto A pure-Rust implementation of various cryptographic algorithms.
rust-sciter null
rust-juniper null
rvg a set of graphics devices that produces Vector Graphics outputs.
rwebspec RWebSpec: Executable functional specification for web applications in RSpec syntax with Watir or Selenium WebDriver.
ruuvitag null
rv32e null
rv32i null
.ajax null
.avi null
.bashrc null
.bat null
.cs-file null
.cshtml null
.csv null
.deb null
.dll null
.each null
.flv null
.getjson null
.hgignore null
.ini null
.jar null
.java null
.js null
.net4 null
.net-4.5.1 null
.net-async-await null
.net-cf null
.net-framework null
.net-framework-3.5 null
.net-framework-4.0 null
.net-generics null
.net-ria-services null
.net-standard2.0 null
.wav null
10g null
11g null
2038 null
2d-array null
2to3 null
3d-array null
3d-graphics null
3d-modeling null
3gs null
404 null
4th-dimension null
7z null
8086 null
8087 null
8087cw null
8088 null
80x86 null
9patch null
a11y null
a4j null
aarch64 null
absolute-positioning null
abstract-classes null
accdb null
accent null
accented-strings null
accents null
access-is-denied null
accessors null
accessviolationexception null
ace.js null
acegi null
acf null
acoustic-echo-cancellatio null
actionbar null
actionbarcompat null
action-filters null
actionlinks null
actions null
active-patterns null
activity null
actors null
add-ins null
addons null
adf-faces null
adl null
ado.net-data-services null
adobe-acrobat null
adobe-air null
adobe-dreamweaver null
adobe-flash null
adobe-flash-cs5 null
adobe-flex null
adobe-flex-2 null
adobe-flex-3 null
adobe-flex-4 null
ado-net-dataservices null
ado-net-data-services null
adwords null
agile-development null
ai null
ajax-form null
ajaxtoolkit null
aldryn null
algorithm-design null
algorithms null
align null
allocations null
alphablend null
alternate-stylesheets null
amazonapi null
amazon-lambda an event-driven compute service running entirely on AWS infrastructure.
amazon-sts null
amchart null
amd64 null
analysis-services null
anchor-tag null
android.harware.camera2 null
android-1.5 null
android-1.6 null
android-2.0 null
android-2.1 null
android-2.2 null
android-2.3 null
android-3.0 null
android-4.2 null
android-4.3 null
android-4.4 null
android-api null
android-apk null
android-application null
android-arch null
android-arch-lifecycle null
android-compat-lib null
android-cupcake null
android-debug-bridge null
android-device null
android-donut null
android-eclair null
android-froyo null
android-gcm null
android-gingerbread null
android-honeycomb null
android-ics null
android-images null
android-intent-flags null
android-jelly-bean null
android-l null
android-layout-xml null
android-lollipop null
android-m null
android-market null
android-marshmallow null
android-mobile null
android-performance null
android-realm null
android-sdk null
android-sdk-2.2 null
android-stylesheets null
android-test-kit null
angles null
angular.dart null
angular.js null
angular1.x null
angular2 null
angularjs-promise null
angularjs-ui-router null
animate null
animations null
annotation null
anonymous-functions null
ant-design null
antispam null
aosp null
apache-ant null
apache-axis null
apache-cassandra null
apache-cxf null
apache-derby null
apache-hadoop null
apache-jmeter null
apache-regexp null
apache-solr null
apache-tomcat null
apis null
apns null
app.config null
appc-alloy null
appc-studio null
appc-ti null
appengine null
apple-ios null
apple-metal null
applets null
apple-tvos null
application-architecture null
application-performance null
applicative-functor null
app-pool null
appwidget null
aptana-studio null
arc null
archetype null
archives null
argument null
aria null
arithmetic null
arquillian null
array null
arrayadapter null
arrayindexoutofbounds null
array-of-objects null
array-slice null
array-sorting null
as2 null
as3 null
as400 null
asm null
asmjs null
asp.mvc null
asp.net.mvc null
asp.net-5 null
asp.net-mvc2 null
asp.net-mvc-3-validation null
asp.net-mvc-6 null
asp.net-mvc-controllers null
asp.net-razor-pages null
asp.net-vnext null
asp.net-webforms null
asp.net-webmethod null
asp.net-website null
aspdotnet null
aspect-oriented null
asp-mvc null
asp-net null
aspnet.mvc null
aspnet-core null
aspnet-identity null
asp-net-mvc null
aspnet-mvc null
asp-net-mvc2 null
aspx null
assembler null
assembly-language null
assembly-reference null
asset null
assets-pipeline null
assignment null
association null
associative-arrays null
ast null
astar null
async null
asynchronous-processing null
asynctask null
at null
atlassian-bitbucketserver null
atlassian-stash null
atomic-compare-and-swap null
attachments null
attribute null
audiomanager null
audio-playing null
auth null
authenticate null
authorisation null
autocompleter null
autocompletion null
auto-generated null
auto-generation null
autoloading null
automated-testing null
auto-properties null
autowire null
autowiring null
avg null
await null
aws null
aws-cloudformation null
aws-command-line null
aws-s3 null
aws-ses null
az-application-insights null
azuread null
azure-app-service null
azure-arm null
azure-directory-b2c null
azure-documentdb null
azure-graph-api null
azure-mobile-app null
azure-networking null
azure-storage-tables null
azure-tables null
azure-web-apps null
b+-tree null
backbone null
backbone.marionette null
backbonejs null
background-segmentation null
backus-naur-form null
badges null
bar-graph null
barplot null
baseclasses null
basemap null
bash-alias null
bashrc null
bash-script null
bash-variables null
basic-string null
bat null
batch null
batch-files null
batch-process null
batch-script null
bdb null
bdbje null
bean null
beans null
behaviors null
behaviour null
behaviours null
benchmark null
benchmarks null
bezier-curve null
bfs null
big-endian null
bigmemory null
big-omega null
binary-number null
binary-search-trees null
binary-system null
binary-trees null
bindings null
bing-maps-api null
bing-maps-controls null
birt-report null
bit-field null
bit-operations null
bit-shift-operators null
bit-twiddling null
bitwise null
bitwise-operations null
bitwise-shift null
ble null
blocks null
blog null
blogging null
bluemix null
bluemix-appid null
bluemix-mobile-services A collection of mobile cloud backend services that allow you to build and scale iOS, Android, and Hybrid mobile applications
bluemix-plugin Enables rapid deployment and integration of applications with IBM Bluemix or the Cloud Foundry Clouds, including support for JavaScript and EAR publishing.
bluemixtools a platform as a service developed by IBM, to build, run, deploy, and manage applications on the cloud
bom null
book-exercise null
bookmark null
bool null
boostshared-ptr null
bootstrap-framework null
borders null
boss null
bot null
bourne-shell null
box-model null
branches null
branching null
breadcrumb null
breakpoint null
breeze# null
breeze.js null
breezejs null
browser-back-button null
browser-caching null
browser-compatibility null
browsers null
browser-sniffing null
bsd-sockets null
bst null
buffers null
bug-reports null
build-gradle null
builds null
builtins null
buttons null
byte-order null
bytes null
bzr null
c#.net null
c#-4-0 null
c#-6 null
c#-language null
c#-nameof null
c++0x null
c++1y null
c++1z the current C++ standard that comes after C++14.
c++2a a speculative name to refer to the future C++ standard after C++17, which is currently in development.
c2dm null
c3po null
c90 null
ca-ac null
cache null
cache-coherence null
cached null
cache-l2 null
cake null
calender null
callbacks null
call-by-reference null
camel null
camelcase null
canonical null
career null
career-advice null
carriage-returns null
cascading-style-sheet null
case-sensitivity null
case-studies null
cast null
catch null
cc.net null
ccnet null
ccrc null
cdt null
ce null
cef null
certificates null
cf null
cf.net null
cf9 null
cfscript null
change-log null
character-escaping null
characters null
char-array null
charset-table null
chart null
charting null
charting-controls null
chartjs null
charts.js null
checkboxes null
chicken null
chrome null
chromedriver null
chrome-os null
chrome-packaged-app null
ci null
cipher null
circular-references null
classes null
classic-asp null
classic-javascript null
classifier null
classloaders null
class-loading null
class-methods null
clean-code null
cli null
clicked null
client-authentication null
clj null
clllocation null
clojure.core.logic null
closure null
cloud-computing null
cloud-firestore null
cloudformation null
cloudfront null
cluster null
clustered-indexing null
clustering null
clusters null
cmd.exe null
cmd-script null
cms null
cocoa-touch-framework null
cocoon null
cocos2d null
code-audit null
code-beautification null
code-challenge null
codecs null
code-efficiency null
code-generator null
codeigniter-activerecord null
codeigniter-validation null
code-only null
code-optimization null
codepage null
code-smells null
code-snippet null
code-style null
coding-convention null
coding-guidelines null
coding-standards null
coffee null
coinbase Coinbase allows you to to buy, sell, store, and transfer digital currency.
coldfusion-mx null
collations null
collection null
college null
collisions null
color null
colour null
colours null
colspan null
column null
column-store-index null
combination null
comboboxes null
commands null
comma-separated null
comment null
compass-css null
competitions null
compilation-error null
compilation-errors null
compile null
compile-error null
compile-errors null
compiler null
compiler-error null
compilers null
compiling null
complexity null
component null
component-object-model null
composer null
composite-c1 null
compositecontrol null
compositewpf null
comprehension null
compress null
compressed null
computational-linguistics null
computed-column null
computed-columns null
computer-graphics null
concatenate null
concurency null
concurrency-violation null
concurrent null
conditionals null
conditions null
condition-variables null
conflicts null
conformance null
connectionpool null
connectionstrings null
constant null
constraint null
constructors null
container null
contentresolver null
control null
conversation null
conversations null
conversions null
cookie null
core-java null
corenlp null
corner null
coronasdk null
cortana-analytics null
coverage null
cpickle null
cpp null
crashes null
crawl null
crawler null
crawling null
credential null
credit-cards null
crlf null
cronjob null
cross-compile null
cross-origin null
cross-site-scripting null
cross-threading null
crypto null
cryptographic null
cryptographichashfunction null
cryptopp null
crystal null
crystal-report null
cs null
cs5 null
cscript null
csharp null
c-sharp null
cshtml null
css2 null
css3-transitions null
css-attributes null
css-backface-visibility null
css-background-image null
css-border-image null
css-border-radius null
css-borders null
css-box-model null
css-box-shadow null
css-centering null
css-classes null
css-clear null
css-columns null
css-combinators null
css-custom-properties null
css-display null
css-expression null
css-flexbox null
css-font-weight null
css-grids null
css-hacks null
css-height null
css-inheritance null
css-keyframes null
css-layout null
css-line-height null
css-menu null
css-overflow null
css-positioning null
css-sibling null
css-text-overflow null
css-text-shadow null
css-validation null
c-string null
cte null
ctor null
ctrl-c null
ctrl-v null
cuda-kernel null
cudamalloc null
cupcake null
cursoradapter null
cursorloader null
customcomponents null
custom-control null
custom-data-generator null
customer-account-data null
customize null
customized null
custom-macros null
cv null
d3 null
d3d null
d3js null
dag null
dal null
data.frame null
data-attribute null
data-attributes null
database-architecture null
database-modeling null
database-queries null
databases null
database-structure null
databind null
data-clustering null
data-definition-language null
data-encryption null
data-frame null
dataframes null
data-generators null
data-modelling null
datasets null
data-structure null
datatemplates null
datatype null
data-type-conversion null
datatypes null
data-validation null
data-warehousing null
date-calculation null
datepicker-ui null
dates null
datetime-functions null
datetime-manipulation null
datetime-operation null
daylight null
daylight-savings null
daylight-savings-time null
db null
dba null
dbcp null
dbms null
dbquery null
dcvs null
ddd null
ddk null
ddply null
deadline null
debug null
debugger null
decimals null
deciphering null
decisiontrees null
declarations null
decompress null
decorators null
decrypt null
decryption null
def null
defer null
delayed null
delay-loading null
delegate null
deletes null
delphi-2011 null
dependency null
dependencyproperty null
deploy null
deprecation null
descriptors null
deserialize null
design-pattern null
destructors null
devfabric null
di null
diagnostic null
dialects null
dialogbox null
dialogs null
dialogue null
dict null
dictionaries null
diffiehellman null
digital-signal-processing null
dijit null
directories null
disassembler null
disassembling null
discretemath null
discuss null
discussions null
disks null
disposal null
dispose-pattern null
distributedtransactions null
div null
division-by-zero null
div-layouts null
divs null
django-auth null
django-fields null
django-formsets null
django-imagefield null
django-many-to-many null
django-modelform null
django-modelforms null
django-modelformsets null
django-multi-db null
django-queries null
django-tastypie null
django-template-tags null
django-widgets null
dlinq null
dll-hell null
dlls null
dnd null
dnn null
dnn5 null
dnn7 null
docs null
document.ready null
documentation-generator null
dojo.data null
dojo.stateful null
dojo-layer null
dojo-require null
dojo-store null
dojox null
domain null
domains null
domain-specific-languages null
domino null
dont-repeat-yourself null
dos-batch null
dotnet null
dot-net null
dotnetcore null
dotnet-core null
dotnetopenid null
double-escaping null
downloads null
drag-drop null
dragon-naturallyspeaking null
drf null
drop-down null
dropdownlist null
drracket null
drscheme null
drupal-module null
dsp null
dte null
dtsx null
dual-monitor null
dual-monitors null
duby null
duckduckgo-search null
duplicate null
duplicate-code null
duplicate-entry null
dust.js-linkedin null
dwmapi null
dwm-api null
dynamic-array null
dynamicbinding null
dynamic-link-library null
dynamics null
dynamics-ax null
dynamodb null
eav null
ebooks null
ec2 null
eclipse-galileo null
eclipse-ganymede null
eclipse-helios null
eclipse-plugin-dev null
eclipse-plugins null
ecmascript null
ecommerce null
ecs null
edge-browser null
edittext null
ef null
ef4 null
ef6 null
ef-core null
efficiency null
egrep null
ejb2 null
ejb-3 null
elastic null
elixir-lang null
else null
elseif null
emacs-lisp null
email-attachment null
email-server null
embedded-db null
embedded-matlab null
embedded-systems null
ember null
ember-cp-validation null
emberjs null
emmett null
employment null
empty-string null
emulate null
emulator null
encodings null
encrypt null
encrypted null
endless-loop null
endless-scroll null
end-of-file null
enhanced-for-loop null
entity-framework-7 null
entlib null
enum null
enumerations null
equal null
er null
ergonomic null
ergonomy null
error-codes null
error-messages null
errors null
es5 null
es6 null
es6-harmony null
es7 null
escape null
escape-character null
escaped null
escaped-characters null
escape-sequence null
etree null
evaluation-order null
event null
event-handler null
event-handlers null
eventlistener null
event-listeners null
eventlog null
eventviewer null
evoq null
ews null
excel-macro null
excel-xll null
exceptions null
exchange null
exchange-2003 null
exchange-2007 null
exchange-2010 null
exchangews null
exec-bad-access null
execution-plan null
exercises null
explain-plan null
exponents null
express.js null
expression-engine null
expressions null
expressjs null
ext null
extensions null
ext-gwt null
ezcomponents null
f#-make null
fabric-composer null
facade-pattern null
facebook-api null
facebook-application null
facebook-connect null
facebook-fanpage null
facebook-graph null
facebook-iphone-sdk null
facebook-jssdk null
facebook-sdk null
facebook-sdk-ios null
factory-girl a Ruby gem that allows you to quickly define prototypes for each of your models and ask for instances with properties that are important to the test at hand.
fast null
faster null
fcgi null
fcm null
feature null
fedex-api null
fedex-shipping null
fgrep null
fields null
file-download null
fileinput null
filename null
file-operations null
file-protocol null
files null
filesystem null
filetypes null
fileuploader null
filter-branch null
filters null
findall-prolog null
find-and-replace null
finite-precision null
firebase-android null
firebase-anonymous-authentication null
firebase-cloud-firestore null
firebase-firestore null
firebase-functions null
firefox-extension null
firestore null
fire-tv null
first-child null
fix-protocol null
fk-relationship null
flash-player null
flask-blueprint null
flex-sdk null
flickr-api null
flink null
float-css null
floats null
flow3 null
flow-of-control null
fluent-api null
fms null
fmx null
foldl null
foldr null
font null
font-weight null
for null
foreach-loop null
foreign-key null
for-in null
forking null
form null
formating null
form-submission null
form-validation null
fortify360 null
fortify-software null
forward-declarations null
forxml null
fourier null
fourier-transform null
fprintf null
fps null
fql null
fractal null
fragmentactivity null
framework null
freedos null
frontcontroller null
froyo null
fscanf null
fsharp null
fsharp.data null
fts null
fugitive.vim null
fulltext null
fulltext-searching null
fulltrust null
func-delegate null
functional null
functional-tests null
functions null
functors null
fusion-tables null
g11n null
gae null
gae-datastore null
gameloop null
garbage-collector null
gc null
gcd null
gce null
gcm null
gdax null
gdiplus null
gdocs null
gems null
generators null
generic null
generic-class null
genymotion-call null
geojason null
getters null
getters-setters null
ggplot null
gh-pages null
gingerbread null
glass null
glassfish-v3 null
global.asax null
global-interpreter-lock null
globalisation null
global-variable null
gmake null
gmaps null
gnumakefile null
gnumakefiles null
gof null
golang null
go-language null
google+ null
google-accounts null
google-adsense null
google-adwords-api null
google-api-oauth null
google-apis null
google-app-engine-java null
google-calendar-api null
google-charts null
google-charts-api null
google-cloud null
google-code-hosting null
google-collections null
google-consumer-surveys null
google-datastore null
google-drive null
google-drive-api null
google-geochart null
google-guice null
google-mail null
google-maps-api null
google-maps-api-v3 null
google-maps-v3 null
google-nacl null
google-picasa null
google-play-game-services null
google-play-store null
google-protobuf null
google-reader-api null
google-recaptcha null
google-scripts null
google-sheets null
google-sketchup null
google-spanner null
google-storage null
google-wallet null
google-web-toolkit null
gpg null
grails-hasmany null
grails-orm null
graph-api null
graphics-card null
graphs null
greyscale null
groovygrails null
group-by-all null
group-by-time-interval null
grunt null
gsa null
gst null
gtalk null
gtest null
gtk+ null
guava-collections null
gui null
gulp.watch null
gvim null
gvimrc null
gwt-uibinder null
h264 null
h5bp null
ha null
habtm null
half-precision-float null
handlebars null
harddisk null
hashes null
hashing null
hashmaps null
header-file null
headers null
heirarchy null
here-maps null
hexadecimal null
hexadecimal-notation null
hg null
honeycomb null
hooking null
hooks null
hotlink null
hsql null
htaccess null
html.dropdownlist null
html-attributes null
html-comments null
htmldocument null
html-dom null
html-entity null
htmlhelp null
html-helpers null
html-option null
htmlparser null
html-tag null
htpasswd null
httpd null
httpservletrequest null
httpservletresponse null
http-status-code null
huffman null
huffman-coding null
huffman-encoding null
humor null
humour null
hyperlinks null
hypertext-preprocessor null
i18n null
ia32 null
ia64 null
iads null
iam null
iap null
ibm-i null
ibm-notes null
ibm-watson null
ical null
ice-cream-sandwich null
icon null
icpc null
ics null
ida-pro null
idb null
idempotence null
idempotency null
identifiers null
idiom null
idle null
idle-ide null
ie null
ie10 null
ie11 null
ie6 null
ie6-bug null
ie7 null
ie7-bug null
ie8 null
ie8-developer-tools null
ie9 null
ie9-developer-tools null
if null
if-clause null
if-condition null
ifdef null
ifelse null
if-else null
if-else-statement null
iframes null
if-then null
if-then-else null
iis5 null
iis6 null
iis7 null
iis7httpmodule null
iis8 null
imageio null
image-maps null
image-resize null
images null
img null
immutable null
immutable-class null
impersonate null
implementation-details null
implementations null
importing null
imports null
include-files null
includes null
indent null
index null
indexes null
infile null
infix null
inherit null
inheritence null
initialisation null
initialize null
injection null
ink-file-picker null
inline-block null
inline-function null
inner-class null
input-file null
input-files null
input-output null
inputs null
input-validation null
inserts null
installing null
instantiate null
integers null
integral-promotion null
integration-services null
intel-c++ null
intellij null
intellij-2016.1 null
intellij-idea-14 null
intellij-idea-15 null
intent null
intents null
interact-js null
interceptors null
interfaces null
interoperability null
interpolate null
interprocess-communicatio null
interrupts null
interval null
in-the-wild null
inverse-matrix null
iobservable null
iobserver null
ioc null
ios2 null
ios-4.0 null
ios4.0.1 null
ios4.1 null
ios4.3 null
ios-5.0 null
ios5-compatibility null
ios5-sdk null
ios-sdk null
iostreams null
ipad-sdk null
ipad-simulator null
ipad-splitview null
ipad-standalone-mode null
ipad-ui null
iphone-6+ null
iphone-app null
iphone-development null
iphone-ios null
iphone-os null
iphone-os-4 null
iphone-os-4.0 null
iphone-programming null
iphone-provisioning null
iphone-sdk null
iphone-sdk-3 null
iphone-sdk-4 null
iphone-sdk-4.0 null
iphone-sdk-5.0 null
iphone-sdk-6.0 null
iphone-simulator null
iphone-web null
ipn null
ipp null
iseries null
iterate null
iterative null
iterators null
itest null
j2ee null
j2me null
j2se null
jabber null
jade null
jars null
jasper null
jasperprint null
java.io null
java1.5 null
java1.6 null
java-5.0 null
java-6.0 null
java-7.0 null
java-applet null
java-asm null
javaassist null
javadocs null
java-expression-language null
java-generics null
java-libraries null
java-native-interface null
javascript-alert null
javascript-array null
javascript-async-await null
javascript-disabled null
javascript-dom null
javascript-event null
javascript-execution null
javascript-library null
javascript-module null
javascriptobject null
javascript-performance null
javascript-runtime null
java-se null
javaslang null
java-swing null
java-util-logging null
java-util-scanner null
javaws null
javax.swing null
jboss-as-7 null
jboss-hornetq null
jboss-netty null
jcomponents null
jdbc-driver null
jdk null
jdk1.8 null
jdk7 null
jdk8 null
jdk9 null
jdt null
jee null
jee-5 null
jee-6 null
jelly-bean null
jetty-maven-plugin null
jinja null
jme null
job null
job-hunting null
joda null
joins null
joomla3.x null
jpa-2 null
jpg null
jqm null
jquery-accordian null
jquery-accordion null
jquery-animation null
jquery-core null
jquery-css null
jquery-datepicker null
jquery-find null
jquery-flot null
jquery-grid null
jquery-hasclass null
jquery-live null
jquery-performance null
jquery-plugin null
jquery-selector null
jquery-sortable null
jquery-tablesorter null
jquery-tmpl null
jquery-validation-plugin null
jre null
jrxml null
js null
jsdebug null
jsf2.0 null
jsonarray null
json-decode null
json-encode null
json-parsing null
jspf null
jsp-f null
jsp-fragment null
jsp-tag null
jsp-tag-files null
jsr-303 null
julia null
julia-macros null
jump-lists null
jws null
kafka null
kafka-streams null
kalman null
karma null
kata null
kendo null
kernel-programming null
kext null
key-binding null
keyboards null
keys null
keystone.js null
keywords null
kitchen null
kitkat null
knapsack null
knockout null
knockoutjs null
knockoutjs2 null
knockoutjs-mapping-plugin null
known-type null
kvo null
kynetx null
l10n null
l2e null
lambda-expressions null
lambda-functions null
language-constructs null
language-independent null
language-integrated-query null
language-processing null
laravel-4.1 null
last-child null
lastfm null
last-of-type null
lat-long null
layers null
layouts null
laziness null
lazy null
lazy-load null
leaflet-r null
learn null
left-outer-join null
lein null
leopard null
lesscss null
levenshtein null
levenstein null
lexical-analyser null
lexical-analyzer null
li null
libgmp null
libxml null
licence null
licence-agreement null
licence-agreements null
licences null
license null
license-agreement null
license-agreements null
licenses null
liftweb null
lighthttpd null
lightswitch null
like-operator null
linearlayout null
line-break null
link null
link-errors null
linking null
linking-errors null
links null
linq2nhibernate null
linq2sql null
linq2twitter null
linq-entity-framework null
linq-performance null
linq-to-object null
lion null
liskov-substitution null
liskov-substitution-prin null
liskov-substitution-princ null
lists null
literal null
little-endian null
livecycle-data-services null
load-balance null
load-balancer null
loadtest null
localisation null
localize null
local-variable null
lock null
log null
log4netconfiguration null
logger null
logon null
logs null
long null
lookup-table null
loop null
looping null
lpsolveapi null
lubuntu null
lucene-index null
mac null
mac-addr null
machine.specifications null
machine-vision null
macos10.6 null
macosx null
macosx-10.5 null
mac-os-x-server null
macro null
macros-vba null
magento-admin null
magento-catalog null
magento-enterprise null
magento-extension null
magento-module null
magento-theming null
magento-upgrade null
magento-widgets null
magical-getters-setters null
mail null
make null
makefiles null
management-studio null
managers null
man-pages null
mapview null
marionettejs null
market null
marshal null
marshaling null
masterpage null
matchers null
materializecss null
materialize-css null
materialize-js null
mathematica null
mathematical null
mathematics null
maths null
matlab-ide null
matlab-path null
matlab-standalone null
matlab-toolbox null
matrices null
mavericks null
max-height null
maximum null
max-width null
mayavi-mlab null
mbean null
mdb null
meanio null
media-query null
member-function null
memcache null
memoize null
memory-allocation null
memory-deallocation null
memory-leak null
memory-usage null
menus null
merging null
metal-framework null
meteor.js null
meteorjs null
method null
method-chain null
method-chains null
metro null
metro-framework null
metro-style-app null
metro-ui null
m-file null
mht null
microisv null
microsoft-access null
microsoft-appstore null
microsoft-ax-2009 null
microsoft-dynamics-ax null
microsoft-dynamics-crm null
microsoftgraph null
microsoft-lightswitch null
microsoft-office null
microsoft-office-onenote null
microsoft-office-outlook null
microsoft-powerpoint null
microsoft-surface null
microsoft-word null
migrations null
mime-content-type null
mime-type null
ming-library null
mingw64 a complete runtime environment for GCC to support binaries native to Windows 64-bit and 32-bit operating systems.
min-height null
minification null
minifier null
mini-profiler null
min-width null
mkmapkit null
mllib null
mma null
mobilefirst null
mobilesubstrate null
mobile-web null
mock null
mocking-framework null
mocks null
mockup null
modal null
modal-view-controller null
modelling null
model-view-presenter null
model-view-viewmodel null
modules null
moment.js null
monad null
money null
mongo null
mongocsharpdriver null
mongo-csharp-driver null
mongod null
mongodb-arrays null
mongodb-csharp null
mongodb-csharp-driver null
mongolab a fully-managed MongoDB Database-as-a-Service platform that automates the operational aspects of running MongoDB in the cloud.
monodroid null
monotouch null
monotouch-dialog null
moss-2007 null
mpg null
mpich2 null
mqseries null
mro null
ms null
ms-application-insights null
mscrm null
ms-dos null
ms-excel null
ms-graph null
msi null
msie null
msie7 null
msie8 null
msil null
ms-jscript null
mspowerpoint null
msrs null
mssql null
mssql2005 null
mssql2008 null
mssql-ce null
ms-sql-server null
msvc null
msvc++ null
msvc10 null
msvc11 null
ms-velocity null
msvs null
multi-column null
multicore-programming null
multidimensional null
multi-layer-perceptron null
multi-monitor null
multipart-form null
multipeer-conectivity-ios null
multiple-backgrounds null
multiple-definitions null
multiple-primary-keys null
multiple-process null
multiselectlist null
multitenancy null
multithread null
multi-threaded null
mustache.js null
mvc.net null
mvc2 null
mvc3 null
mvc4 null
mvc5 null
mvc-core null
mvcscaffolding null
mvn null
myphpadmin null
my-sql null
mysqlclient null
mysqld null
mysqldb null
mysql-query null
mysql-server null
mysql-table null
myth-busting null
namespace null
namespacing null
nancyfx null
nativeclient null
natural-language null
natural-language-process null
nc null
ndarray null
ndk null
negative-margin null
neo4j2.0 null
nested-array null
nested-classes null
nested-divs null
nesting null
netbeans-plugin null
netmf null
netriaservices null
nettiers null
network null
networks null
neural-network-tuning null
newtonsoft null
ng-if-else null
nifi null
nil null
nivo null
node.js-fs null
nodejs null
nokia-location-api null
nokia-maps null
non-ascii-chars null
non-const null
non-determinism null
notification null
nsdocumentsdirectory null
nsfetchedresultcontroller null
nth-child null
nth-of-type null
nullable-types null
null-object null
nulls null
nullvalue null
number null
numberformat null
numeric-precision null
nvd3 null
objc null
objc-arc null
object-file null
objective-c-2 null
object-orientation null
object-oriented null
object-oriented-design null
object-oriented-modeling null
object-relational-mapping null
objects null
odr null
office365-addin null
ol null
omniture null
omp null
onedefinitionrule null
onedrive-api null
o-notation null
oo null
ood null
oo-design null
oops null
ooxml null
opengles null
open-office null
open-source-contribution null
open-source-projects null
openui5 null
operating-systems null
operator null
operator-new null
opscode null
optimisation null
optimizations null
optimize null
optimizer null
optimizing null
oracle10g-express null
oracle-express null
orchard null
orderby null
order-by null
ordereddict null
ordered-list null
ordering null
orient-db null
orthogonality null
os null
os-development null
osk null
osm null
oss null
osx null
osx-10.6 null
osx-10.7 null
osx-10.9 null
osx-yosemite10.10 null
outer null
outfile null
outlook-envelope-icon null
outlook-express null
outlook-macro null
outofmemoryerror null
outofmemoryexception null
out-parameter null
output-file null
output-files null
overload null
overriding null
overwriting null
owa null
owl2 null
p4 null
painless null
painting null
pairs null
panoramic null
paradigm null
parallel null
parallel-computing null
parallelism null
parallelization null
parallel-programming null
parameter null
parameterized-queries null
parametrized-constructor null
parenthesis null
parse null
parser null
parsers null
passing-by-reference null
passportjs null
password null
patches null
paths null
pattern null
patterns null
payments null
paypal-api null
paypalmerchantsdk null
paypal-sdk null
pc-dos null
pcl null
pdb-python null
pdt null
pe null
peer-to-peer null
pendingintent null
pen-testing null
pentium null
perfomance null
performance-comparison null
performancecounters null
performance-issues null
performance-measurement null
performance-monitoring null
performance-test null
performance-tuning null
perlcritic null
perl-oo null
perlre null
perl-regex null
perltidy null
permalink null
permission null
permutations null
personal-development null
pgadminiii null
pgrep null
pgsql null
phaser.io null
phone-numbers null
php.ini null
php5 null
php-cgi null
php-cli null
php-date null
phpdoctrine null
phpdocumentor null
php-errors null
php-fpm null
php-frameworks null
php-functions null
php-mail null
php-modules null
php-oop null
php-readfile null
php-references null
php-session null
php-yii null
phtml null
phusion-passenger null
pickle-dump null
picture null
pictures null
pig null
piglatin null
pil null
pipes null
piwik An open source web analytics system.
pixi null
pkcs11 null
pkcs7 null
play null
playframework-2.x null
play-mvc null
playstation3 null
plotting null
plt-scheme null
plugin null
plunkr null
pnacl null
poi null
pointer null
pointer-math null
pointer-to-function null
polymorphic null
pom null
portable null
portlets null
pos null
position-fixed null
postbacks null
postcode null
postgres null
post-request null
ppt null
pptx null
prepared-statements null
preprocess null
preprocessing null
preprocessor-abuse null
preprocessor-directives null
pretty-printing null
pretty-url null
primary-keys null
prime-number null
primitives null
print null
printer null
prismv2 null
prismv4 null
privatekey null
processes null
processid null
processing.org null
processingjs null
process-template null
profilers null
profiling-tools null
programatically null
programming-exercise null
programming-history null
programming-paradigms null
programming-style null
programming-terms null
progress-database null
project-oxford null
property null
protobuf null
protobufs null
protocol null
prototype.js null
prototypes null
pseudo-random-numbers null
pseudo-selectors null
pseudo-terminals null
pthread null
ptr null
pubsub null
push-notifications null
py2to3 null
py3k null
pylab null
pyplot null
pytest null
python-2 null
python3 null
python-3 null
python-3.5.2 null
python3k null
python-ctypes null
pythonic null
python-interpreter null
python-modules null
python-pil null
python-shell null
python-subprocess-module null
python-xray null
qb null
qlikview.next null
qplot null
qtip-2.0 null
qt-layout null
qt-stylesheet null
quality-assurance null
quality-center null
quartus-ii null
quaternion null
queries null
query-execution-plans null
queryperformancecounter null
query-plan null
query-plans null
queryselectorall null
queryset null
question null
question-colon null
quicktest-pro null
qxt null
rails null
rails3 null
rand null
random-alpha-generator null
random-generator null
random-number null
random-number-generator null
random-numbers null
random-string null
random-string-generator null
ranges null
raphael-js null
razor-web-pages null
react null
reactive-extensions null
realm.io null
realmswift null
recommendation null
rectangular-arrays null
recurrence-relation null
recursive null
reddit-api null
redemption null
redirecting null
redirection null
redirects null
refactor null
references null
reference-types null
regexes null
regexp null
regex-php null
registers null
regularexpression null
regular-expression null
regular-expressions null
reintegrate null
relative-positioning null
reorder null
reordering null
repl null
replacement null
reporting-service null
reportingservices-2008 null
reports null
report-viewer null
repositories null
requests null
require.js null
resizing null
resource null
rest-api null
restarting null
restful null
restful-wcf null
restful-web-services null
returns null
return-statement null
reusable-code null
reuse null
reverse-polish-notation null
reviews null
revision-control null
rewritebase null
rewritecond null
rewriteengine null
rewriterule null
rewrite-url null
ria-services null
richtextformat null
ring-buffer null
r-language null
rmarkdown null
rng null
roasal null
robots null
ror null
ror3 null
roslyn-ctp null
rotate null
rotating null
round null
route null
rowspan null
rs232 null
rssfeed null
rst null
rstats null
ruby-c-api null
ruby-ext null
ruby-extension null
ruby-on-rails-3.2.1 null
ruby-on-rails-4-1 null
ruby-on-rails-gems null
rules-engine null
rules-engines null
running-time null
rx null
s3 null
safari-bug null
sails null
sailsjs null
salesforce.com null
saml2 null
samples null
sandboxing null
sap-crystal-reports null
sapui null
saving null
sbrm null
scalajs null
scalar-function null
scalar-udf null
scalar-valued-functions null
scc null
sccs null
schemas null
school null
scikits-learn null
scm null
scraping null
scratch null
scripts null
scriptsharp null
scrolling null
scss null
sdl-tridion null
search-and-replace null
searching null
secure null
segfault null
selectbox null
selectors null
select-statement null
select-tag null
selenium2 null
selenium-webdriver-c# null
selenium-webdriver-java null
self-development null
self-learning null
self-referencing null
self-referential null
semantic-meaning null
semaphores null
semver null
sencha null
seo-friendly null
sequelize null
sequence-point null
serialisation null
serialize null
serialized null
serializing null
serialze null
server-2003 null
server-2008 null
server-client null
servicereference null
services null
servlet null
servletcontext null
servlet-filter null
session-cookie null
session-handling null
sessions null
sets null
setters null
setup null
sevenzip null
shade null
shaders null
shards null
shared-library null
sharedobject null
shared-pointers null
sheets null
shell-command null
shell-commands null
shellscript null
shell-script null
shell-scripting null
shm null
short-message-service null
sibling null
signal null
signal-slot null
significant-figures null
silverlight-4 null
similarity-analyzer null
simple-build-tool null
simpledb null
simplexmlelement null
single-responsibility null
single-responsibility-pri null
singleton-class null
site-catalyst null
sitemaps null
skimage null
sklearn null
sl4j null
slices null
slicing null
slick-carousel null
slick-js null
slimframework null
slow null
slow-load null
slowness null
slugs null
smartbear-testcomplete null
smart-pointer null
smartwatch null
snap null
snippet null
snippets null
snow-leopard null
snprintf null
so null
social-network null
socket null
socketio null
socket-programming null
softkeyboard null
softlink null
softreference null
software-architecture null
software-as-a-service null
software-testing null
solution-architecture null
sonar null
sort null
sortable null
sorting-algorithm null
sound null
sound-api null
sounds null
source-code-control null
source-code-management null
source-control null
source-to-source null
south null
spa null
spaghetti-code null
spam-blocking null
spam-detection null
spam-filtering null
spamming null
span null
spark null
spark-cluster-framework null
spark-sql null
sparse null
spec null
specification null
spec-sharp null
speed null
speed-up null
spel null
spellcheck null
spellchecker null
spider null
split-testing null
splitting null
spreadsheets null
spring-framework null
sprintf null
sprites null
sproc null
sql2000 null
sql2005 null
sql2008 null
sql2008r2 null
sql2016 null
sql-ansi null
sql-azure null
sqlce null
sql-ce null
sql-ce-4 null
sql-compact null
sql-copy null
sql-developer null
sqlexpress null
sql-express null
sqlitedatabase null
sql-join null
sqlldr null
sqllite null
sql-management-studio null
sql-mobile null
sql-postgres null
sql-query null
sql-reporting-services null
sqlselect null
sql-select null
sql-server-compact null
sql-server-express-2008 null
sql-server-express-2012 null
sqlservermanagementstudio null
sql-srever null
sql-statement null
sql-syntax null
sql-to-linq null
sql-triggers null
sqs null
sscanf null
ssis-data-transformations null
ssms-2008 null
sso null
ssrs null
ssrs-2005 null
ssrs-reports null
stackoverflow-api null
stackoverflowerror null
stackoverflowexception null
stacks null
standard null
standard-ml null
stateless-session-beans null
state-machine null
static-function null
static-library null
static-member null
static-method null
static-vs-non-static null
statistical-analysis null
stats null
stdlib null
stellarjs null
stl-containers null
stlstring null
stored-procedure null
storing null
storm null
str null
streams null
streetview null
street-view null
string-array null
string-compare null
string-escaping null
stringformat null
stringliteral null
string-manipulation null
string-replacement null
strings null
string-similarity null
string-slice null
strongly-typed null
strongly-typed-datasets null
strong-name null
strong-naming null
structs null
structures null
struts-2 null
student null
student-question null
style null
style.css-template-file null
stylesheets null
sub-arrays null
subclasses null
subdomains null
submodule null
submodules null
subprocesses null
subqueries null
subroutines null
subselect null
subsetting null
substitute null
substrings null
subversion null
support-vector-machines null
svcutil null
swf null
swift1.2 null
swift2.0 null
swift2.2.1 null
swift3.0 null
swift3.0.1 null
swift-generics null
swift-ios null
swift-language null
swing-worker null
switch null
switch-case null
swtoolkit null
symbolic-link null
symfony3 null
syncframework null
syscall null
system.directoryservices null
system-architecture null
system-call null
system-directoryservices null
system-programming null
systems null
t9n null
tab null
tabhost null
table-design null
tables null
table-udf null
table-valued-function null
table-valued-functions null
table-value-function null
table-value-functions null
table-variables null
tag null
taglib# null
tasks null
task-scheduler null
task-scheduling null
tchart null
tcpip null
td null
team-foundation null
team-foundation-build null
team-foundation-server null
team-foundation-service null
team-system null
technique null
teleric-mvc null
tempfile null
template null
temporary-tables null
terminals null
test null
testacular null
test-cases null
test-driven null
testdrivendevelopment null
tests null
textboxes null
text-file null
text-message null
text-messages null
text-replacement null
texture null
tfidf null
tfpt null
tfs11 null
tfs-api null
tfs-service null
tfs-vnext null
theme null
thread null
threading null
threads null
threadsafe null
thread-safe null
tif null
tika null
timers null
timestamps null
time-tag null
timezoneinfo null
timezones null
tiny null
tls null
tmpfile null
todos null
tokenization null
tokenizer null
tokenizing null
tokens null
tomcat-5 null
tomcat-6 null
tool null
tooltips null
tortoise null
tortoise-hg null
tpl null
trait null
transaction null
transactionlog null
transact-sql null
transformations null
transparentdataencryption null
traverse null
traversing null
trees null
trigger null
trimble-sketchup null
truetype null
try null
try-catch-throw null
try-statement null
tsvn null
ttf null
tts null
tuning null
tuple null
tuple-unpacking null
turboc++ a discontinued C++ compiler and integrated development environment and computer language originally from Borland.
turtle null
tutorial null
twitter-api null
twitter-bootstrap-3.0 null
twitter-bootstrap-3.0.2 null
type null
typecast null
type-casting null
type-classes null
typeconverting null
typesystem null
uber null
ubuntu-lucid null
ubuntu-on-windows null
ubuntu-precise null
ugly-code null
ui null
ui.router null
ui5 null
uidynamics null
uimapview null
ui-router null
uisegmentcontrol null
uitable null
uitableviewcell null
uitableviewcellaccessory null
uitableviewcelll null
uitableviewcellstylevalue null
uitableviewcontroller null
uitableviewdatasource null
uitableviewdelegate null
uitableviewfooter null
uitableviewheader null
uitableview-section null
uitableviewstyle null
uitableviewstylegrouped null
ul null
u-law null
umlauts null
uml-modeling null
uml-modelling null
undefined-behaviour null
underscore null
unescape null
ungreedy null
uninitialized null
uniqueness null
units null
units-of-measure null
unittest null
unit-test null
unit-tests null
unity null
unity-game-engine null
universal-time null
unix-programming null
unix-time null
unix-utils null
unmarshall null
unordered-list null
unpickling null
unserialize null
upload-file null
uploads null
urlmappings null
urlpatterns null
urlrewrite null
urls null
urls.py null
url-shortening null
us-ascii null
usbdevice null
use-cases null
user-authentication null
user-control null
users null
userscript null
ux null
va-arg null
validate null
validations null
validator null
validators null
valid-xhtml null
va-list null
valueinjector null
value-types null
vanilla-javascript null
varargs null
variable null
variable-length-arguments null
variable-naming null
variable-scope null
variadic-parameter null
vars null
vb null
vb6-conversion null
vba-macros null
vb-classic null
vbhtml null
vbproj null
vbs null
vb-to-vb.net null
vc null
vc++ null
vc++.net null
vc9 null
vcs null
vectorize null
vectorizing null
vectors null
vertical-align null
vertx null
vertx.io null
vfp null
videojs null
videos null
viewpager null
vimrc null
vimscript null
virtual-methods null
vista null
vista-gadget null
vista-sidebar null
visual-basic-applications null
visual-c# null
visual-c++-6 null
visualisation null
visual-studio-11 null
visual-studio-2010-rtm null
visual-studio-2015-ce null
visual-studio-2015-comm null
visual-studio-online null
visual-studio-team-services null
visualstyles null
visual-web null
visual-web-part null
vkontakte null
vm null
void-pointer null
volley null
vr null
vs.net null
vs11 null
vs2005 null
vs2008 null
vs2008sp1 null
vs2010 null
vs2011 null
vs2012 null
vs2013 null
vs-2013-preview null
vs-2013-update-2 null
vs2013-update-4 null
vs2015 null
vs2017 null
vs-app-center null
vscode null
vs-lightswitch null
vs-macros null
vs-mobile-center null
vsnprintf null
vso null
vso-build null
vsprintf null
vss null
vs-team-services null
vstemplate null
vswprintf null
vue null
vue2 null
vuejs null
vulnerabilities null
vulnerability null
wams null
warning null
waterline.js null
wcf-extensibility null
wcf-performance null
wcf-service null
weakreference null
web.config null
web-api null
webapp null
web-application null
webapps null
web-browser null
webcontrol null
webcrawling null
web-database null
webflow null
webflow2 null
webform null
weblogic-10 null
weblogic10.x null
weblogic-11 null
weblogic-8 null
weblogic-8.1 null
weblogic-9 null
webnoir null
webpagescraping null
web-part null
webpartzone null
web-performance-test null
webpy null
web-security null
web-service null
webservlet null
websites null
website-testing null
websockets null
websphere-mq null
web-spider null
webspiders null
webstart null
webworkers null
weemo null
wer null
wf null
wf-4 null
wf4.0 null
while null
while-loops null
widgets null
wildcards null
win2k3 null
win2k8 null
win32 null
win32api null
win7 null
winbatch null
wince null
winddk null
window-api null
window-form null
window-forms null
windowmanager null
windows.forms null
windows-2003 null
windows-2008-r2 null
windows-7-api null
windows-8-preview null
windows-api null
windows-application null
windows-azure null
windows-azure-blob null
windows-azure-connect null
windows-azure-diagnostics null
windows-azure-networking null
windows-azure-pack null
windows-azure-queues null
windows-azure-storage null
windows-azure-tables null
windows-bash null
windows-batch null
windows-event-log null
windows-form null
windows-form-designer null
windows-forms null
windows-identity-foundati null
windows-phone-10 null
windows-phone-7.5 null
windows-phone-mango null
windows-powershell null
windows-programming null
windows-registry null
windows-script-host null
windows-scripting-host null
windows-sdk null
windows-service null
windows-sidebar null
windows-subsystem null
windows-universal null
windsor null
winform null
winmo null
winrt null
winservice null
winxp null
wix.com a cloud-based web development platform that allows users to create HTML5 websites and mobile sites, through the use of their online drag and drop tools.
wizards null
wm5 null
wol null
wolfram null
wordpress-filter null
wordpress-loop null
wordpress-mu null
wordpress-permission null
wordpress-plugin-dev null
wordpress-themes null
wordpress-widget null
workbook null
work-item null
work-item-tracking null
worklight null
worklight-deployment null
workspaces null
wp7 null
wp8 null
wpf-binding null
wpfstyle null
wpf-toolkit null
wrappers null
wri-mathematica null
wscript null
wsf null
wsl null
wtk null
wtp null
wwf null
www null
x.509 null
x64 null
xamarin.studio null
xammp null
xcode6-beta3 null
xcode6-beta4 null
xcode8.3 null
xcode8.3.2 null
xcode8.3.3 null
xcode9.2-beta the latest beta release of Xcode Tool
xcode-ide null
xcode-playground null
xcoff null
xdocument null
xhr null
xhtml5 null
xlinq null
xml-file null
xmlhttp null
xmlns null
xml-parser null
xml-schema null
xml-transform null
xna4.0 null
xp null
xpath-expression null
xperia null
xsl null
xslt-2.0-processors null
xsltproc null
xsltprocessor null
xsltransform null
xsrf null
xss-prevention null
x-window null
xwindows null
x-window-system null
y2k38 null
yii-db null
yii-framework null
yii-mvc null
yml null
youtube-v3-api null
zc.buildout null
zencoding null
zen-coding null
zend null
zend-engine null
zf null
zf2 null
zmq null
zombie null
zombies null
